You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and properties.
And you know that a girl generally is something you fell in somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an option.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolivia.
It's the complicated kind of circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, at Stanford, Ohio.
When they hit to bleed every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me enter the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I received a phone call from that teacher, the lady Post he said, "I need to see.
I am disillusioned that we have never got to meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found already.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to deal with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we were laughing, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we found it, and we care about it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a continent of centimeters, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, he had become a circle -- and that optimist that he told them was made in itself.
The optimist is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved it.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I was talking about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first shipping.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The pink ones around me came out of the water about 60 meters -- and I couldn't even think that it was a sound of snow about another snow of snow after year.
The boards are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice bar.
Every ship has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are going to get rid of them and they go up to the end, while others can't support it more and they are demoralized in a dramatic passion reef.
It's easy to think, when you look at a sheet, which are isolated by separate and alone, as much as we look at times as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a chip melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, a little bit of rich fresh water will feed in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I approach to photograph these little boards as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and not going to be going to be that way again.
It's not death when they melt down, it's not an end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the pink pictures that photography is very young -- it's a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Kerring, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get to really present a street little board.
Here it is.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the board and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to run, the boat has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Grandmother little box, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of a sudden, a baby. Okay.
So, two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
They both learn and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a story for training, and what I study in this case is the way people address anatomy -- is to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is activist -- as a device of patients or, as I say sometimes, defending images of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working for example, for example, with symmetrical twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with individuality, so much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of people with analytical sex, individuals whose physical religion not fit in male schemes and conventional families.
In general lines, we can call it introduction.
It's adapting many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female forms.
So for example, there's the case of the individual with 3D campaign whose CEO of the chromosome and tells the protected prototype, that we all have in the federal life, that become testifes.
And then, in the federal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the installation syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sensors, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing the tests realize that instead of having ovarian and the uterus -- actually it has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, as men, we have in the body something called substantial glands in the body.
They're at the bottom of the body.
Sub-Saharan glands produce antibiotics, the hormone of machine.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- it doesn't know their chromosome structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to antibiotics.
We produce analogies and respond to antibiotics.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to antibiotics than the woman who was born with testicles that have the subsidize syndrome.
So sex is complicated. It's not that the interactions are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19 year-old boy born and raised as a vacation. I had nonprofit, and sexual relationships with her, I was wearing a life as a boy, and he had just discovered that I had sheep and steam.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a consumer supermarket hypothesis.
He had 20th chromosomes and the subtle glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genes were massively, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
He was born with a child, no one surprise.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by the internal mentality, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of introduction.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what is known as objects, which is to say, they have a foreign tissue wrapped into television tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- they are stories, symbols or intelligents -- they commit to normal surgery is not to be able to get better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is a female identity -- hopefully being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present us a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalysts.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how astonishing it is to have children who are born as two people in a same body.
The most crazy case is last year with South Africa Carling Sergeales, he put his sex in the International Glass Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask myself, "What are you going to do to determine if Casey Sembal is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is not such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a place between men and women or intelligent men and intense women and intenses, we are who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought they were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- they're much more likely than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the technology allows it.
As we see, we get into a scary terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do about the fact that we can make fun of them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get increasingly more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic category that we manage is probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the properties of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fastest.
There are very high arguments today -- maybe not in public -- but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to show you with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved they still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could sleep someone like me.
In politics I'm a programmer, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it gets me nervous.
I will argue that these categories are much more unstable.
You think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a free fan of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find myself every single seeing that music is carefully "Clunky and not for the music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Foundation Father.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activist activists and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what they rejected our founders Foundation was the idea of monotony. Montanage was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to the political power of the blood transportation of the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new academic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was common anatomy and not animation differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an illusion system where they were managing two things.
It was managing democracy and at the same time it was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transforming by a vague idea of a birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence they were becoming the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women were surrounding.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from South Triangle waste and said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men on the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, the color people who went to the academic coincidence of the anatomic difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the concepts we have to start asking why we keep certain divide.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic division in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we had to get back to the anatomy of the anatomy, I don't want to be returned.
I don't want to say that the five-year-old children were supposed to be allowed to have sex relationships or marry relationships.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me, and I think we should keep going.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
So imagine that one of them, Mary three months ago, June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
By the only fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other rates in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's sexy -- in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory entrepreneurial that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on his part, don't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry every state with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So there are still anti-graduation categories that are still problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we got to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could develop?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is spreading us.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to pull the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't make a human exercise to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the inspiration syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have "Do a drug of a show of a solution.
It says that we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their carding," going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their care?
I want to also point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know from some globalization that probably deserve more the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of carbon?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this kind of thinking in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like anger in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to get to a sex change, in which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had done to give birth twins and then separate them and raise their family.
But when the phone was asked to ask the reason for the operation, it was a very risky operation, he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very complicated, and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has the political asylum instead of surgical separation?
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not forced to change for the state of state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to end I want to say I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic typicals, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intriguing interconnection, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the poster, one of my partners I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered -- I was familiar with -- I was a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist has feminist."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've heard.
The feminist has to do with getting gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I think about his question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something female in the feminist.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very reluctant to find the way to protect people by the part of the state, it's possible that, to have increased more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with recycled support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect bond, think about what we do about each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily bring it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already property and that the other half will still be able to get it.
They could try to increase the capacity by making employees in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you will face is that those buildings and areas around them have rules to avoid the motors and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to make all those expansions.
But you could go to a totally new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of reform big enough to keep cities and gave them a name, and I gave them a name of a state.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Janeiro and October were thinking about the challenge of reflecting Honorahers.
They knew that every year around 75 distributes would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Homers happened by a development construction crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pear Loro is deliberately imposed with a platform where I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Operation to be his head of garden.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDx.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the state of their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and move all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies as well as rules to progress, and usually they are the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
He showed it to Jane.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City, -- look -- land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Pause, maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
And the talk describes in very simple terms, that a very simple city is a place where you start with designed land, a status that specifies the rules that are going to apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honorahers called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
He asked me to go to Superman and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennea, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Development.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the hospitals that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody claimed curious at the world.
The public faces were very serious and stage.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Mark, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new options for people.
There was a choice of a city that you could go that could be in Honorahous, rather than hundreds of miles away from North north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honorahers are needed to have a help of associated countries, they could benefit from the countries that will help them establish and make the rules of the status so they could all trust that the status actually comes together.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily fit about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to get their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress to the favor of this constitutional enzyme was 120 to one.
All the parties in the society, all the factors in society, they backed it.
To include the Constitution, you have to be able to take twice in Congress.
February 17 was passed over again in another vote of 120 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the volcano, the 21st to February 24, a delivery of about 30 hospitals was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big city center that is building in South Korea, is bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other interesting country in the construction of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in practice, this is the point where we are.
They have a place, and you're thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time it allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new judicial system.
There are urban workers and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of reasons.
There are many companies who want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are many people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately somewhere else.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job -- sometimes are random mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honors?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you think to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistances?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honor friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesse, and this is my value.
But before you show you what there is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that I live obsessed with the breaks.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish on my blog borders, colorful and different for each other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of markets of thumb and seconds of a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my daycare in the environment and my bitch.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause, and I am unique. And buying it becomes my personal search search for you.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it from my table?
Would I like the color.
It's less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I took for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of clothing inside, and nothing else.
Rong internal for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I want to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in the inside clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Does it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see a phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Moon: The color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad humor, when you're seeing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars," integration is supervising.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to get in.
You just know yourself.
If you surround you from right people, you won't just understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Mirror: Wow.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the destructions, or I remind them to their little seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you."
There, trust is key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there is no view you can't get in.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Virgin: A universal truth six words for you: golden leaders go with everything.
And finally, saddle: developing a personal style and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it again and again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to leave you emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant waiting on, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the application of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them would choose for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the interviews of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great interview in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually excited.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty logical to concentrate these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition -- well, we like playing with things.
We start playing with them, and then we see how they react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Some intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in one place at once.
I mean, it might sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't be born with this notion -- they developed.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to store them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point you found the physics some years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That wasn't very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never nobody saw a particles.
But it didn't really fit to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics, right?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical support.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a very big approach to the small piece of metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal and the form of the trailer and that it comes out in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this shot of natural nature that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum supercomputer, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel teams of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that pushes it and the wind that happens on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics we would have to push all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We take the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, as being just in the elevator -- the small piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I was vibrating was like a breath in this way -- as a strength that expands and contributed.
And when you give it a smooth purpose, we could make it visit and not see the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is going to come and don't see the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that consume that piece of metal are still still and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain times when those are aligning.
In the rest of the time they're delivered.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all of the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going into a clean room to do this for all those years -- because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you as well?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was delivered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we put the lights and look inside the box, we saw the metal followed there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are simply made in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It is that those connections, your connections to all of the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the depth of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of businesses and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained to this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo and then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken out of their launch.
So, simply, let's go to Google.
Look around all the museums there.
There is the Guardian gallery -- MoMA, the Venezuela, the Rummer, the Roman Van Van Van Gold.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to Metropolitan, the New York Art museum in the world.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and parent, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open up the top of the top, and with one click, we jumped in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They follow forward. They are since."
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Hepticines of Peter Beparity in the Metropolitan Mandlad.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the information information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured on what we call the gigawatt technology.
So this image, for example, is -- I think, about 10,000 million penguins.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 pencils?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pedgeles.
It can run around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to deliver.
So I began to play, and I met something that happens there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people about the Metropolitan people, and actually discovered that this is a game called "the "presidentary play, which is to hit an eye with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to pull out the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night starting."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pinks?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master work?
It's augmented and truth that I do.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the "Star night, I think I had never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are lots of things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Climates."
All of you, absolutely everyone, no matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manifestation, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, and I've created this function that I call "The Roman Power, and we just did a come around it.
It's about "The Markets National Gallery in London.
You can tell you things, send your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like by contemplating these masterpieces of teachers.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they don't even come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital environment, it does justice to your artwork of art, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum master?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a picture, a flying paper.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am an Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it's happened very interesting in the careers of formula in the face of the last two decades.
It was already a while ago, if you wanted to win a factory of Francisco 1, I took a budget and I put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you would win the race.
This is what it was in engineering is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an activist.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics and electronics.
They're becoming computer computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
Contribution is a big thing.
As I noticed it wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and until 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and performances are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Annoying for late late at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Taliban Today.
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
It's sort of like almost all existing atoms became sensors and activists.
And that's changing the whole interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michael angel.
You know, when Michael angel was climbing the Mouse, he says that at the end he took the hammer and he took it to the Mosquito -- in fact, you can still see a little bit below -- and he said, "You know, "Do you not have a paradox?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- I think about the idea of capturing the environment and access something.
Let's start with detail.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Titan.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day that day watching activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Tibet River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is on the top.
In the early afternoon, there are people over here, and there are called moving, moving around.
It starts the paradox," silence.
Francisco de France.
And the people are doing a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regular time.
First extra time, second.
Ziderhouse, and at a moment, the head.
Win Italy, yeah!
That night everyone went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big spike.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Cirence Massachara, where, from the time, the people will celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but things we use and consume ourselves.
Today, we know all about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac communicate, how they get used.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in their device for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago, to label what they were throwing away, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all over the way.
Then we put a little chip on them, a tag to the garbage and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
A week.
With this information we realized that there are many implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw is not disappearing, which is still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we throw on one day is still there.
If we show people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Starback Bible, could tell us a lot more about detecting and many other great things we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to access the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago.
Everything started with a question of the city mayor that came up and told us that Spain and south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a warm and values, slides of solar, links that open and shut up.
It's created as a glass of water, with water papers.
If you fall off the pixels you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell call.
He liked it.
And he took a commitment to design the building to the entrance of the Explore.
We call it Digital Water Pale.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you approach you open up so you can go through.
The roof is also covered of water.
And if there is a little wind, if you want to minimize the substances, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, someone who was there, and he said, "Do you deliver the building.
No, it's not that they have demoralized, but when it becomes almost all the architecture disappears.
This is in work.
You see the people intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not let me try and test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Zacket came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up to let it happen, but a building that kept making corals and water holes, and you had to jump up to not get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was really interesting because as an architect, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little piece that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, in which what changes is light, not the position of the penguins.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And that then all of that could be a 3D pixels that you can zoom in, and go down, and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Flock, going down to form a visit, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the Metropolitan star in New York and the Millennium Scale, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input for the Flookery.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the panels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D dignity in real time as a movement capture.
You can reconstruct all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and robotics.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds, like the big break -- but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody get a little bit for a picture.
And I think what's remarkable in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how to move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, collectively, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud they're panel.
It's a physical structure in London, but I covered petroles.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2010 Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital sentence at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory, for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or you might like to be in a better way, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and certain of yourself.
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What's the thing that you would like to like?
What if you could choose something?
(Music of Audience: creativity. creativity.
How many people will choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
A few of you probably had to have the amount of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would you choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about line?
Oh, most people, that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or is maybe possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, T. Bandhi, who was also involved in the Church Organic Russia, wrote a stuff called "No in biology makes sense except to the light of Evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well on an end, it is, of course, the most interesting to us.
We go from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of members.
Some of them have gone back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes, right?
This is not like human insulin -- but it is the same protein, excited in which it comes out of the pancreas that come out of the pancreas that come out of the pancreas that come out of the pancreas that come out of the pancreas coming out of the plate.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take in the most bacterial gut than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Dama will ask you about the automation -- think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, strong, is very cold.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort of their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force on the output.
But for others, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or can we become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast signal of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as a single and only companies -- and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertainment part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I grew up to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of children.
But when the multicellular organisms appear. Things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome goes on, the rest of the body becomes presentable.
In fact, you could say that the infection of the death of the body is in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to convince you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death per sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was going on, every single year I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burran feelings, who still was in Las Vegas right in their 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of it, you find a magnificent light dance.
I look at it and says, "I come in search of a sex software."
"All right, he says George, "I choose the sound."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution consists of spending the genome to the next generation and adapted and survival that generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next level of orbiting and then leave the sea.
I think we will all understand the feeling they express Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not diet."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest and even the smartest and even the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the temperature bacteria that can survive the heat of the funds that would produce if there were fish there, fish carried out of the cow, yet you've managed to do that a cold environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confused our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we mixed, we climbed it, and we're so excited that it is no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, the generators of evolution are revealing delivery, but they're inevitable.
And in terms of isolation: when as a species, we have distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in nature.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility.
The so-called revolution, the new evolution that is not simply natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at the individual and family level.
Just think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your description, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating the adoption?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It cost 2.6 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost to the top 20,000 and over a week.
You won't need a lot to make the human genome reality for 1,000 and get more and more to the scope of all.
You come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against crops of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the ship?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells in your bodies, but if they could change the cells of your debate?
What if they could change sperm and volcanoes, or change the faced new flight, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analog technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases will also enable us to adopt spiritual spirits, a better memory.
Why not have the engineering of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Walfare machine.
Why don't we have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why don't you live more time?
This is going to be irreleant.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in generation.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniforming or more robotically and more very very very?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom to make these decisions are absolutely depressed?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor clicking climb, clear, class.
I click click, click, clearer. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting at the TED.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot alpha the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It took the motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane and noise.
And then three words.
The three more skilled words I've heard.
He said, "Getting out for impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life ended up.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I thought about that later on, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Compassion comes bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to have anything in life.
And that growth, that purpose, has actually changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we avoided the George Washington, which was not for a lot of -- I thought about, "Wow, I really feel a great period.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I have tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also hit my ego.
And I'm sorry the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a result on that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to get right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going on, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly it."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces like you see in those documentary papers.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of, "Wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness is embedded in a single thought, which is just a thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  -- and I cried cry, like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood that the two points, the only thing that matters in my life is a great father.
For above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live differently.
For you who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens to them in their plane -- and please don't be like this, but imagine, and how would they change?
What they would do, who still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked in was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEDx, it was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
He came to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a love in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDx, has total paralysis today.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TED, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second is not that I've seen Stephen Hawking. It's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?
Does anyone see the film "The Park and the marine?
They communicate that way -- they're making it with the finger.
I said, "That's according. How can it be?
So I presented with the only desire to get a check, and instead of that signed a check, which had no idea how I was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the trial, Tony is going to speak -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have so much inside you can't communicate it."
So I talked to a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Research Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser point, draw about that and record negative space.
So they're going around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear -- they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TEDxtellow could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call him South because when I talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world -- completely from all the planets on the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the battery back and these hackers and programmers and anthropologists took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we were going to go back and take the squares of the walls and in their place there would be programmers.
But for two weeks, we went to the Marine spouse of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Health Spanish, NASA and you can see the description here.
These are a couple of cheap suns that we buy on the sea stream of Venice Balt, some copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shake.
We take a PStead camera, we open it, we move it on a LED light and now there's a device that's free -- it makes you yourself -- we published the free code -- the software becomes free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says no.
There's no hospital that I can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDxisz room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this white and a piece of joy during the big introduction.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling in parking parking was.
The funny thing was that we had to go into parking parking so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out of there, so I could breathe."
Isn't it wonderful?
And in a way, that's our scream screen.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
It was a Twitter thing about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle -- is that in April this year at the Gulf of MIT in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Art in the streets.
And Art in the Streets: is going to have the best expectations of urban art, Alzheimer's Facebook, Shakespeare Fantaste, CATA -- they're all going to be there.
TEDx, it's going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically, this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that you have in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scrapping, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible, anything in this room.
I am not a programmer, I never did anything with the eye recognition technology, just recognized something and associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving into usually very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
It filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving me in some horrible appearance situations with the only goal of trying to examine social questions in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully analyze them in a way that are seen and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the pathogen I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it or not, a couple of weeks ago I had an airplane in Earth.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of my TED TEDTalk in 2011.
What was this: "The Samulas Standard Samunant: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is, and according to the content I could explain it in the face, especially if I put it into you or your company to do it.
But I said, this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we look at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate for something so difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan School: I want to make a film that deals with the proposition of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with productivity of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The largest film ever sell."
What happens in "The largest film is never selling is that all of the top at the bottom, in principle to end, has migraine images, all the time, from the adaptation that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, California Starburd, the State Center.
These people will be associated with film in percentage -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Michael Kashner, is reduced. Is it what?
I'm a red pen. (Museum," I just say that. It was more for chapters.
It was "Party." forever."
But we're not just going to have the X parallel patient in the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to ensure all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sold a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car you've driven in "The largest film ever saw, the best break you have drink, correlated from "The largest film ever saw.
Nain Kohard," the idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film -- (MusCles: making them fund the film -- MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The full goal goal is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guine: However, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
JN: You have a perspective. I don't know if you angry -- it's very negative. But you know how it's going to represent?      David China: How much money do you do to do this?
MS: A million and a half million devices. DP: All right, John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands of markets.
JN: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we look like a lot of joyful languages.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rubia, most of the answers will be not."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (MA: Good. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah. (MA: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go.
MS: I thought that "Chemistry made a conversation out of the microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all of these sudden companies disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought that the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is it not the idea to tell that new decline worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a cardiac mistake, and that error was this.
No, there was no such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this image is.
See, when you look for the transportation images on Google --   this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way of rolling, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily inequality, that it characterized by the visualization or accidental information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs they name it.
But suddenly when it comes to making it reality something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still still represent.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is risk?
Take a whole bunch of Cook White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and that's he looking at me as he used to do it. He said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kiskelphible of many years -- I realized that I would have to go in my own, I would have to take off the interview and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to survive suddenly -- -- I started to realize -- is that when you start to conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, big, giant and others that make small films, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make honest Hollywood films, giant movies, say that the reason their films have so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movie films?
And the movie is called "The largest film ever sell."
How are we going to see Gamble in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my book, you'll see the Bang destination.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good fresh for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm down.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there's one of these fabulous arms.
Both Foster Florida like "The Paradox "Contain are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid, balloon, in bars, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a possible look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller movies that you know, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason why this is interesting.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
JF: That's a big question.
Woman: Terrifying technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the axis.
Man: We talk about something subtle, cool.
I think "gravity" is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus "good and south.
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep you free for more time? You better graduate -- more graph, three times a fresh.
Things like those who are holding the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-touch company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: MM: Mommy my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: In order to revive the '80s, pattern paintings, unless it's day of landscape.
MS: All right, what is Gerrie March?
George: Something unique. (Audience: Now I suppose the gender type, the style that I have would be like a dark globalization."
I like dark colors, so many gray colors and things like that.
Usually I carry access like sunglasses, or I like the crystals and similarities.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation: Merceders Benia.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it case value."
Woman 2: In part of history, in part of the blood -- in part of Bolivia Boyle, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of tapestries.
I would see toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get into the market.
Man 5: failed.
Is that something that is?
Audience: I'm a lawyer.
Tame: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be Mary March, but often I am pleased in the intersection of dark globalization and case fly."
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, someone who could help understand what they call the market personality."
And I found a company called Olympic Zachion in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like News, February, Maller discovering that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Androcent: They brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things origami and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of it?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about "Who -- what does that look like?
What's the machine? What phase you find now?
Why is it important to recognize? What does the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
It doesn't have to be fear. What kind of route mountain are you?
MS: Joe. (Audience: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Audience: Great job. A: Yes. (Museum: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Lincoln Zach -- the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex, in your brand personality -- the brand, Morgan School brand, is a conscious brand.
They go very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature, to avoid the things that are not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get married and you make it kind of positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic here, Apple.
And you can see it also here to Transparen, Whi, Mini Congress and Jewish.
Now there are local marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come up but a logical brand is quite powerful.
MS: A leopard brand brand. What's your market?
If somebody asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand, what would it be?
Are you an attack attack? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you a distributed attractive?
A little bit more called, researcher, conservative?
And the attacking attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Princeton, contemporary and adventure, advanced or bold like South Arabia, fast or agile or dramatic, magnetic, magic or mystical like Galapago.
Or are you rather than debate decline?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700?
Are you transported, traditional, protection: Protein -- you relate to Operation?
Are you confidence, stable, family, consciousness, safe, content or wisdom, like Dalai Lama or South?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies, addiction and destiny, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control, wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a film.
We went to San Paulo. We went to San Paulo.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no windows, there are no cars, no flowers, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with the problems of living in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the most successful answer are those in which I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands.
They took the interactions, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did you have it? Did they have success?
Well, since the film is being shown at the Sunish Ferrifice, let's take a look.
According to Burran the film are started in January, and since then, -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in school.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked about was their customers not being part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing all their company to lack of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to not have fear of the opportunities they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's take the fear. Let's take the risk.
From a card at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to beat transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Sure Transportation has been presented by my good friends of MIT who by 7,500 bought the rights of the name in Earth.
EM: turning big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
MRI presents "We "The Transparency."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, on behalf of transparency, which was exactly with those 7:10?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name to name from the TED matrix organization, the Spanish Foundation, a shot by 7,500 to be applied to my TED assistance.
The idea behind the Solar computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Urail engineering plant.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we have to compromise these systems that control speeds and values, we can cause a lot of problems with code.
Grandparent boxes don't use Windows software -- it's a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a laptop computer used by an engineer to confuse this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Sola.
We started with a Windows instinct.
The oxygen goes to the gray box, he gives the censorship, and the nuclear nuclear program is demanded, and it is massed.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stony six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown about it.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex in the Westerners part of the instinct was using multiple variable vulnerability.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment in which we infect our environment with Subaria, and we saw what happened with this.
So that's very strange things.
Steven was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our great," but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors I realized, and I thought, "This is a directed attack.
It's completely right?
The installation is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is actually working in that place.
If no, Subaria does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say, for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we'll discover the goal soon.
So we went out and broke the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much rain the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard the forest of Steward is complex and high tech, let me tell you -- charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this context code.
We're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old enemies language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning was called to the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at temperature and data structures and tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about destinations that we can approved or despite.
To get to objects about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent salary, it must be a valuable white white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most of the infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils to the nuclear energy plant from Bush and to the Natasha entrallergies.
So I said to my assistant, "Take a list of all the experts in concrete and energy plants between our clients."
He called them and I consulted them in an effort to make their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital exercise with the control of the robot.
The robot is that cell part inside the censorship, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this robot, they certainly can break it up and even make the censorship explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and describe in an obvious effort for coming back to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital exercise looking very closely to the data and their structures.
So for example, number 166 is applying in that code, you can't get obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature on how these centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a cardiology, and each waterfall contains 16 central centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better yet.
These crimes in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no more marketing -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
And we had literally ended up in the street and we had to start to start.
And yet, we found that both digital organisms were pointing on one and a goal, but from different angles.
The small exercise is taking a waterfall and making the robots and reliably religious, and the big landing communicates with six carefully and manipulating values.
In short, we're very confident that we have determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We should not worry about other targets being achieved by Sola.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box there, and the top you see the central ones.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors for example, from the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still run during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are presented by Sola.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds out of public video.
Is it great is it?
The idea here is obviously not just to bring the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, on a power plant, when the great steam turbine is happening, you have to open up spiral valves in a military.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to them, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And the operating system is not the security system will notice it.
That scares it.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generous.
It has nothing to do -- specifically, with centralistic, translation endeaving.
It could work too, for example, on a power plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generous.
And you don't have a state of attack, which will disseminate this load with a USB key, like we saw in the case of Sola.
You can also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up is with a cardiovascular destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralibera, has been done in many sides that people assume that the Muslim is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph London: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Muslim is involved, but the engine is not Israel."
The engine behind this is cyber supercomputer.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for joining us. Thank you, Rab.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give supermarket skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair the wheelchair, and they walk back.
In Berkeley Biospheres, we call these robots, exposures.
They're not different from something you put in the morning, give you a great force, which is also increasing its speed, and aid, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external things.
This is not a real idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take on their back a chaos of 45 pounds, and it's being exploring even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the matter.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or Port Charles Human Charles.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can put up 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in shipping cultures and execute movements with great action.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Hyane Bennie: We're ready, with our industrial society, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's now look at the water wheelchair users about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people on top of wheelchair chairs.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation of it.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the spine column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that it is very quickly multiple.
His only option, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complicated complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM who is using American Bettel who is using 19 years ago, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
completely not invasive in the movies that send signals on the computer of the open computer, here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give energy to the motors in the hips and in the knees and they make it move with this sound and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, driving down the bottom was paralyzed.
In a fraction of seconds, I lost all the sensation and all movement of the pelvis.
Shortly after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last shock of hope of my being.
Addiction technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to slide down in the courses, climb rocks and even ride in a little bit of a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future generations -- not just of soldiers, but in Amanda and all the users of wheelchair to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello and play is the order of the day, where fun is something serious.
And no, it's not the Arabia Man Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living lives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their addiction.
But unfortunately, we've made too much hip in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, frightening society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of big apes of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the thenapy itself, the scenario of a violent conflict that has been protected for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear laughter hidden by measuring the trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them as the apes "Come on love, not war -- because they have frequent sex and promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the bonobos life is more than the Kamen Sudan.
Bonobos like humans love to play throughout their lifetime.
Player is not just a game of children.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and the human ritual ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of only unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a binary stick game, and I don't talk about soccer flat.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a performance.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, he has the balloon of the balls.
Just I think in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like tests, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is policy.
The game is policy, it can adopt many forms -- some of which are more transformative, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Funch, a young female woman, which is playing with warming water.
I think that, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us about our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our advance of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take advantage of our game capacity about?
The game is not frugal.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, life is not just cruel and destroyed.
When it looks less appropriate to play, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So we promised primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization of a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, combat fires as a captain in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers are going to be highly skilled personnel you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a letter on foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was engaged in a conversation with the owner that he certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paster, in sheet, destinated, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before me, call him Lethali Luther --  came first up to the captain and he asked him to go into the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so color."
There was a lawyer or a management management that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people to enter a building in calls to save a alive living just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an adversary.
He said, "Beautiful, I need to be between the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I bring this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I hoped but I went up, I took the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real bombs that that height more or less had ended up taking out the fire and walked into the main room for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back through the ladder where I met my News and the precious dog in the main door.
We got out of the house the terrorists for the house where, as he was waiting to expect, their teacher received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department had a letter from the house of the house against the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had achieved a pair of shoes.
Both in my vote in Robin House as in my vacation as a volunteer bomb I am a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or are in fact, remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a dining dining park, clean a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So they go into the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beijing: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: the cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LEDs was happening this.
It was called automatic assembly bricks.
And in a few years, the LED brick came to all the home.
It's estimated that they've been made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick partners on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much greater circuits and more complex circuits -- a brick at once.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are researching the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Lithibias.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Shakespeare is electronic modules every one with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by immigrants.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the surface, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly, you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse model, which is here, and now we have an intentional light.
We added this threshold to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, Litheries are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, Litheries allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
In order to make it passing faster or slower -- just like this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Lithibilists is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to get back to bricks to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given Lithies to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night looks like, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken Lithies to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with Lithibilists as a material.
You can see, with paper bottles and film, we have George create.
(Audience --  -- a few weeks ago, we took Lithies to the designers of Rhode Island design School that don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a configuration of confidence for movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a laptop made of plastic that has a fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Liberia became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of everyone.
So Lindos has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world in which we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company looks to engage with the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mimmen. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can continue to get better on the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I am the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to detect -- we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Code for America, and they would be like a person from peace for telescopes.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the municipals.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the world of the municipal world.
They made big applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know A.
This is a host of the city of Boston.
Here it comes up as if you look for a quote, but what you really look for is that somebody clean it out of the snow because it knows it's not very good at getting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he get help in this simple way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members from Code for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogens.
But one of the members named Erik McChara noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept cleaning it when you will.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case he put it.
If you don't, somebody can break it.
So, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology has.
And it spreads in viral form.
A responsibility of Homo City systems when you see this application realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt temperature signals.
It's very important to work these testicles of tsunami, but people steal the batteries.
So ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle. And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens strike the devices down.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to register to clean sidewalks when they were nine.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without Africa, in organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
So software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done it for the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
There's now a project in the California court of California that until the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of string of warning to government institutions.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not like private companies, like many people think should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions in open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way of addressing the government that new generation has -- not as a problem of an amazing institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're really good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contributed with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given with the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain it, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And this is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the DVD -- and all those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in Tim G20, "What we do together because we are just not can."
Now, many people have left government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. The government is.
And given that the government in the last emission of us -- remember that of us, the people? The way to think about it affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is to choose people so that they occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially about areas.
This is the telephone care center and information.
It's the place that takes the calls if you mark 31 in the U.S.
Scott was called this call.
I started "In the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open up the door door, put a strong music and see if it goes?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the prisoners.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile. called Citysefaces Connecticut."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New Eastern Origami Office of Boston.
One day, this really happened, comes this question, "Hard in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to get it?
The dynamics of City Connecticut is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In City Connecticut everything is public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I came to the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zinche" -- yeah. Life? Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good night, it's a graphic strength."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to join and help others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper?
He connected to two people.
And I could have connected to government services of being needed but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the input of the other.
The government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches a year.
Below is what we call bubble.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it is that appreciation that keeps us that is that we fund as something that operates in our back, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sense.
Because that's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the periphery of the SETI of Valles: about the financial reform project.
That's not political activity, it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resisted to the government, it's time we wonder what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of us?
We can't afford government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand by forcing civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act on management, only to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am, to regions, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about. They're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions at any channel at the same time, and they do it.
So when you face the problem of government don't care much about to hear their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make it work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrogen, taking off weeds and dumping a garbage cube that has a prison inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants, and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not only consumers, we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a volume of voices, or are we going to be a hallucination of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death range.
I've spent most of my life in marketed communities, and in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's characterized, can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marketing, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
I was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1800.
She was born on the 1880s and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also amazing.
When I was a little bit and I looked at it, she came up to me and he gave me a good hug for me.
I was so strong I could barely breathe, and then I got up.
One or two hours later, I went back to her, and I got closer and said, "Brian, still feel my armed?
And if I told him that no, I was going to grab me again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that would always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the less of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and I was running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of my room, and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up the room, he took me out of my hand, and he said, "Come on Branologist. The two we'll convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Briah, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Maria."
She said, "Now let me not do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "Sure, Maria."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my shoe, and you have to promise you that I always care about.
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mam, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is the difficult."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Maria. I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mam, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a party of six beer, I didn't know where I took them, I grabbed my sister and me and went for the forest.
We just got to do the crazy propositions.
He took a beer short, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on today -- and you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I won't feel good. You can keep.
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a beer.
I kept looking at me with force and I said, "Oh, not being you're thinking about the conversation with Maria."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Maria tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was despited.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread up.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that it's a virtue -- I say it by the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't make sense of it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been a prisoner during the programmer.
My uncle died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that we had to do with it, we had to engage them.
Now, I'll try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive empathy, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so dense, so despair.
One out of three black black ones between 18 and 30 years is in prison or in front freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Barney, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all young color are in prison or in a behavioral freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is a lot better if you're rich and guilty.
It's not culture, but wealth is what makes the results.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and the formation makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are delivered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you are deprived by rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years the loss of rights will be as upset as it was before they were to take the law from the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it feels like 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country jail for children, no possibility to go out ever again.
Right now we are in some little liters.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for committed criminals behaving?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
From every nine people executed -- it has identified one that is innocent that it is extremely extra and released from the death range.
An error rate -- amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation you would never afford to stick airplanes if from every nine who would wake up, you would have a starting.
But somehow we use the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we manage to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the ground.
In many communities people were afraid of being linked.
They were worried to be bombarded.
The threat of terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and tell me, "Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks to you, you give people to the people who stop saying that in our history, we first launched the terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grow with that."
The era of terrorism continued to, obviously, with self-replication and decades of racial subjectivity and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we've historically done.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without truth with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conferences.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to hear what you say.
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room was quiet and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, intentional and delicious, we were going to run people."
It thought about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people especially if they were mostly Jewish!"
We could not tolerate it.
It would be irreleamic.
And yet, there's this discussion.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these things so hard, positive things and wonderful things are, though, implanted.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated with technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately those realities are excited by suffering, abuse, degradation, management.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the wises, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. In spite of being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With creativity, with creativity. development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well as the heart conventions as well.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in the bright and free, but also the dark and the difficult.
Valley Hawker, the Great Child leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in despair and being test."
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe -- that even in communities like TED, it has to engage us.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to explosion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carrol called me to say, "Brian, comes the lady Park. We're going to meet to speak.
You want to come and listen to us?"
I said, "Be lady. I know I want.
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?
I said, "Let me hear you."
So I went and just heard them.
It was very virgination, very slime.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park came to me and said, "Now Bronx, tell me that this idea of the water justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted up.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the lives of life, without the conventional freedom for children.
We tried to do something about the death penalty of death.
We tried to reduce population in jail.
We tried to end the mass services."
I gave him all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and said, "Mom mimic my mine."
And he said, "You will end up, very chaired.
At that time, Ms. Carrol got up, put her finger on her face and said, "That's why you have to be very very value.
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a dream.
Even if someone kills another one, it's not that it's a killer person.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very slime, very scary, is not going to judge us by our technology, by our designs or our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of a society, the character of a society, not in the way that they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but in the way as the poor, the condoms are controlled by the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel depressed. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
It's tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of sleep.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been used to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge was able to be an adult, but I see a child.
One night I was willing to think about -- by God, if the judge can become something you are not, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working in a motivation.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a little bit of poor, black.
I started working on the molecule, with a little bit of a learning that he said, "Mom for my 14-year-old black client is treated as a primary white white white white white white whole.
In the way I put there there had been an independent behavior in the performance, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was an advanced line on how this country is not ethical but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning I woke up thinking that little insight would be a dream, or really write it up?
For my horror, not only had it done it, but I had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed.
I went into the card to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
I finally got down from the car. I walked to court.
I was climbing up the stairs when I met a bigger black man -- it was the consumer consumer.
When he saw me, he came up to me and he said, "Who is you?
I said, "I'm a lawyer. He said, "Are you lumineral? I told him I know.
And then I got approached and hug me.
And I got in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virgination.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this hand more of this mouth?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started getting up. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The cops came up with the post-lifestyle parallels, the supermarkets.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of a sudden, because we were talking about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye he came to see the belief that I went and came up.
And I looked at the window and I was going to hear all that scream.
I kept walking down here and there.
Finally, this old black window, I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a reception.
During the destination of the algae of the algae, he showed up, because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "John, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black stood up, he looked at the station, he looked at me and he said, "I entered this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with stream."
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't really be evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to the fragility, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with shark.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a visual desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a cheese. What can we do?
BG: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you will be able to make the funds that are spending today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homes of homicide don't cost in strengths.
50 percent of the rapes don't get anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation.
What would you say to the people who think that is?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase is in the cardiac population.
And we let us convince the passion of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people in a specific chain, to steal a bicycle, by little crimes against property instead of making them come back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Britain, you have been excited today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
School: They grow the threats for Bin Laden death.
Luck 2: Human in Somalia, "The police dropped pepper gas.
Player 4: Cars four Cartes. Please five leadership Crockers.
Special 6: social decision. Please 75 dead dead.
Lock 8: So the table of tsunami, "The Now "The Contact 9: Cybertics.
Several locations: War to the nature, mass destruction. Torodan.
Receiver. Bangladesh. Jung Jewish. Egypt. Syria.
crisis. death. disaster.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diametto: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, usually could be for the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the media media prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first step of all of those data is an ancient fragment of temporal lobe called a programmer.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Ordinally and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So in a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old refugee of the press, "If there is blood, sells -- it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide us negative news about seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pessimists.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes from bad at worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe instead, what happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the exhibition of species, the scarcity of water and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings are very good at putting the problems and the long thing, we end up with them.
We analyzed it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has gotten more than doubled, average income per inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, from electricity, transportation and communications has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pink showed us that we're living the most peaceful time of human history.
And Charles King that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, methods, conditions and cars.
The barrier magnets of the past century, the programs of the planet, would never have dreamed with such laws.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that goes on in the information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supermarket of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in angle.
It's the result of quick computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's graphic on a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly faster and faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends in Australia call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanomatists and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Warself from Watson.
He was short.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this one: Watson versus human opponents."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available to everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to link a company, or a product or service, which can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating large life for every single person on the planet -- it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that to be sort of strong and getting it back.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Nanopatch 16th in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of Siza.
The Nature troops ate with silver covered, and the same Nanopatch, with gold covers of gold.
But the king of Siza, he ate with aluminum covers of aluminum combined.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it's more than the gold and the plant.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is almost.
You see, although aluminum is 8,000 percent of the mass of Earth, it doesn't come as pure metaphor.
It's bound by oxygen and systems.
But then the electrodes came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was distributed.
We projected this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a past planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 terrorists every 88 minutes.
It's not about scary, but accessibility.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generate generate -- 8, 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a pound per hour compared to the 15 cents.
And if we have energy abundance we have water abundance as well.
Let's talk about wars right now.
Remember when Carl San pointed out the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after Saturn country?
He took a famous picture. How did it call?
"A blue dot blue."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 is saltwater water, two percent is ice, and we fought by a percent of the water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
Noving comes, nanomatis.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the chart -- I would like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Silicon -- maybe you know it, is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on any day of any source, salt water, polluted water, a little bit of two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that I'll do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes up well, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation enabled by this technology that is today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
God me, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to talk to an intelligent cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of GDP dollars -- HIV video, images, libraries of books and music, technology of medical diagnostic -- now determine and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications occur.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Facebook Foundation, something called the X Cray Crayon, from 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because they have AI, you can hold blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the marketing charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that doesn't recognize -- called the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion of the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll spend two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before heard the global conversation.
What would these people?
What would you do? What wish are you going to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they'll get more health from the Transparence, from a better education with the Khan Khan and because of the use of 3D printing printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated health and productive health?
How about a few voices ever happened?
What if we give the open opens, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What would these three billion are going to do?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that little teams of their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Fold.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supermarkets.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition machine of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the background of the background.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the performance of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1857.
Maybe they believed that chasing peniels, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a very common thing.
It was the mind.
It was a lot of fish until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red Line List.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have anything special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the device of the waist.
Because I was there in 1977 studying a landscape in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get in.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The landscape was surrounded by parents, and, as you can see, from a few managements.
There were there about 20 centimeters -- the black bar tank.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and it was a good time, so it was made over the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later the number of fish had gone down in half.
They killed the five cents.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was accompanied in the introduction of the short fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fish development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the March four.
I went out to fishing in it, and we did studies in South China in the South China and especially in the sea of January.
What we captured there was something inevitable.
We captured -- I now know, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spectacles, other animals who are in the background.
And most fish are tiny blobs on a few remains, remains that are core fish fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cover and then was thrown off.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid source of soft coral, in this case, to be a light.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They were described because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not saved yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This remains mountain is what they pick up the fishermen every time they go to an area where they've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the starting point, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens like this.
On the axis, we have good things on the axis, biodiversity, lots of open, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their conscious life as normal as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the lack of changes.
And at the end of the end of the end of the rest of them.
And that, in big measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very abundant before extinction, is very often.
You don't lose any abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this isn't perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sea of big fish.
They become small because we fish them.
Over time they get a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, will question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you have, like captain such as captain such as they see a lot of fish in this area cannot be used, or usually don't use the scientists of fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in distributed societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can be able to make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recognize the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the score point has been cut and it's hugely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase their party point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bay of Kepler.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chech Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mathematics and tons are like "Africa."
And if you think about "Argentination: if you think about why people are moving up with the film -- not talking about the history of PowerPoint, why do you get to make images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is to Cambodia, to make "Applied II under water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trends manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos become viral and what important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities sing, comets -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the Web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notion in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a synthesizer.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage becomes viral -- it gets infinite of visits and cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators and surprising communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Valley: Oh, my God, my God.
My God!
Wow.
"How, guy.
KA: Last year, Berlin Varia published this film out of his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction.
Berlin doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a little bit of a double.
That's what you do if it's called YouTube Mountain Beau.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmen.
Jimmy Kimmen published this tweet that would capture the video to the population.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmen, present us new and interesting things and divided them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, Friday, you have to start the Friday --   Everybody wants to get the weekend in the weekend.  KA: Virgin --   Virgening, Friday --   KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Redwood Black Red is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Are I drawing double," this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday party?
Well, I took it Torseers, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson School There, was one of the first people in making a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parts of Vietnamese on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the university entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon demanding it or doing something new with that.
"James Casey is a repeat animation with a rich music.
So, that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours of version that has seen four million times.
Until cats saw this video.
And there are cats that you saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that I woke up among the Internet technological community.
There were reminders.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it became international it.
Suddenly, it came up with a whole remix community that made this going to happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "Are "You doing "Develope Delight, or Republic Black Carbon or "Nature Carden?
What do you have to have written that would make this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy who protest against the military silk in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nicole: I was whistled by not close for birth, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by biochemical.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nigeria did that five million saw and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Berlin Valley: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media of a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popular.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Beain, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they are barely the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still acting out.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine that as the communist comes into Say, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now was broken.
It was reflected in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vagina, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to apply them, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they stop quietly floating into the sea.
My mother, Matt, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been determined to a task only: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incredible for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year-old spoken that challenges fiction, a boat went back to the sea surgery of fishing forest.
All adults knew the risks.
The greatest fear was parallels, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a fragment with poison.
If they captured us, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, produce it in every wave, and the horses and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates who came several times, but they were fooled with the men's worth of the men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we broke in Melindau.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fermitor, a kind of worker suburb whose population is compared to immediate.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Ferror, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the French English fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double tunnel.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT with the information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were injured, and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, which was usually new. It was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tons, because I had to last six years.
And there were a lot of weird and painful people about the "half-"starting and some graduate pieces: Asians, come home.
At home, where?
Something in me was independent.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhibiting every night, but we met about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered slightly slow, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmare would start to get it off.
She opened up a grocery store, then he studied to be studied and opened up another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and influenced, and kids trapped between two worlds.
Submarines looked for substances and patriotis.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student.
In the other, it was lived in price lives, technically hurt by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young Australia.
And I was catched from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so read, in an anonymous resident of Ferrido, was now so Ready, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the proteins.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life in an ignored suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about every single day and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got to the boat.
The note had never been an option.
"Make it me, he said, "And you're not what you're not about."
So I talked about youth definition and education and destruction to the margins and the destroyed ones.
And the more frankly, the more I was talking about it to talk about.
I met people from all the way in life, many of them doing what they loved to live in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my literature, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer career.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that's okay to be a stranger -- a recent one, new on the scene -- and not just it's fine, but it's something that I'll be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the presence of your proposition.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demoralized, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that were not allowed to be allowed.
There was a energy there, a implant optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and bravery mixture.
So I kept my intuition.
I put a little group of people to whom the motto cannot be done was an incredible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked on the right night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
It's after a single journey.
My characters again.
Three months later, I had moved it, and the adventure was coming.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congressional was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother alone used it.
At 17 it became a consumer of a Mandela whose mother would hit her.
No support of his husband, you caused a revolution to him and bring the cause out of it, and it was much more reveal when he won.
You can't make it proved to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Melindau.
I looked through the mammoth of the shower, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Ferridon, and we sat around his attack.
We told him stories, and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monitor came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so failure?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
They haven't saved it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, we now can see that the men who had come to our lives would have failed us.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about ships.
Who could want that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a product in your lives, survival supply on every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and see them safe.
Transcrict Nelson and also the mother of that is here today, on the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rwanda about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singer Sufi Ali San.
We were building out of how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian exposure, "The Machine."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel down to a cart and we turned the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I was Raisiness, the great Indian warrior prince -- he had a store, he took a bow and with a floor to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same thing with targets and machines.
The conclusion we had was that the machine had replaced the magic.
And that gave me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a dawn if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his blood silver clothing.
And this 50 year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door towards a world full of images, of pirate and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They face our inspiration.
And so I launched me to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It's both illustrated by the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we in.
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narrative becomes increasingly multivers.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Kohan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light.
And so --  He says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I became a character of the book.
In a number of times I get a letter -- the iPad.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and drugs but to that magic magic to those ideas that we were dealing with children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar were always associated with me.
So over here, we have to fix the iPad.
And really light your way into what it comes from the book.
Another idea I was fascinated with girls was that a whole galaxy hits a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I dragged towards this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every book of fantasy, there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, flour-like and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book it also reveals itself.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary content.
These are the applications here.
Have we all heard of the ones and the neighbors, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, they would put them on?
These poor applications have been trapped in the Indian cameras for millennia, in an old and wet book.
That's why we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up to their PCT, they haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure in which you have to go outside the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of pales, stones, stones and condoms.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out, and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
This is a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a bag and says, "Oh, I saw a root."
A child from India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking place.
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video and through augmented reality, you see a group of animated drops that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and hang them out so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are interviewed with technology and magic and technology close to each other.
We harness the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University Sub-Saharan was destroying a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she reached a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and knowledge, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not everybody, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Williami blog. It's very simple.
It has a little bit of a store and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms ...
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google High.
And my head doctor has access to him too. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time in which you need cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my William business and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me, Luciness, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, you can employ to move people in their chair and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little biomedical connection connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and their own boat capital, but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face as the cost of the cost of medicine care, the doubling of demand and other issues.
They do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by creativity.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video video.
We all have carbon controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly.
Also where all the gas gases.
And of course, we can find fast food.
But where is DNA closest to help this patient?
We ask, but nobody knew it.
No one knew where the DNA will save lives right now.
What we did was we did collaborative in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public "When I was -- you see a DEPA, please send it, tell us where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open up in office hours and others are closed.
And more than 10,000 degrees were already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an application for the iPad.
We created an app to Laden, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Machine and someone collapsed, you can use their iPhone, and the next weeks I use their Microsoft cell phone to find the down DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DNA 1,000 -- which is the name of the product, but also like SUV.
And we wish to start at the world level.
We're putting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the collaboration of the DNA around the world.
Every time you are vaccination and someone collapsed, it can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You might be a message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in its place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the camera was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pulping one.
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the Indian moment.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Photos like this: a construction in a very transitional road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these, dark and colorful at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say profile.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more than you can do with capturing an idea that we have to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Is the light?
What does the illusion.
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's about how we interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional -- as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's send the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It's really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think that's where we don't even think about the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combination pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these requirements were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the staff I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone point.
And yes, I even did red the house on the top of the island so it seemed more scared.
So in order to get a realistic result I think it takes place.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the very same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram I took from a folder.
I'm not interested in the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD machines versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as a lot of others that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Talk about technology with semi-andical curves is a novel thing.
So here's something weird happening.
And that's precisely going to talk.
Please get the lights up.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logically logically school?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graduate, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot it, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a seminary curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as microbes -- past tomorrow tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a resourced growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to point out is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know like this until it gets something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
From being like this, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask myself, is: What is that new way that does the world adopting?
What new state does the world go?
The transition looks very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember the future of the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what happened in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been put up, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different than it will extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If you look at the way that those chemicals organized we give you an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, he had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in his inside.
Some of those oil droplet container had a particular combination of chemicals that made them open up materials from the outside and so forth.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil gods.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they said.
So every god was a little different.
In fact, the guns that somehow they were defined by being better at the time of incorporating the surrounding chemicals -- they grew up more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things would become interesting when these guys learned the tricks of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these gods learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked out in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were in order to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust diagrams that try to hide the security people of the airport.
But it -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and I amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of all the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a flower that would have put it in a virus and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy.
But then another great interesting step happened in which things were very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming such cell communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many residents to the penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that, in a way, they were together on it, and they set up a symphony.
So they survived or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community to replicate more and they were favorite for evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have molecular communities, communities of many different cells working together like a single organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the heart, or the one of the muscles or the brain and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than mobile phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't make more than process information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to recover, understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and nervous system of those communities.
And that gave you an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not to the period of evolutionary time.
So a organism could say, for example, learning to not eat certain fruit, because I knew evil and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that had been learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures accelerate enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now occur to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few graphics and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that I would keep some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstraction.
We now go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we absorb our records of records and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The telephone phone, the computer tape, the CO2, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You already saw the evolutionary example of God in which I produced some evolution with the College program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language, they took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is restored -- I guess authority is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of curve.
We see the process resources.
But I gave me the life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I employ to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thingsauring Machines, we think of a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you didn't be able to do, and it gets far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it uses methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer -- you can run a hundred million sequences of instructions to the random?
Could you run these sequences of instructions to random, run all those programs, and take those who are more attached to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to organize numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more close to ordinary numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions.
But one, luckily, could make two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Oh computer, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We take those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we play the ones that are best ordered the numbers.
And let's reproduce them following a process of analog reward to sex.
We take two programs, which are sending children, who are exchanging units, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
It was calculated again.
It introduces some mutations in.
And it tries to try again and repeat with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that organize numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But they take the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a hundred thousand programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
One time I was going in a 747 with Maria Minhhan, and he gets a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't it make you feel transported?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
We don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it's restored.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so conflict.
Because all these technologies are resourced.
We're getting off.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiplexies.
We are the animals, and we can't understand what the hell are we creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've eradicated enough time to allow me to get part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end of the end, the World series.
We love the baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about going out "The Russell: talks about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'm focusing on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that is 300.
That means that beautiful battery essentially, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game camp without being attacked, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, not come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 battery battle in the Great Lists?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400 baseball battle?
By the way, that's somebody from 10 hits -- it was four.
Legislation -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League League player to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have applications and they're derived to a surgeon that has a 400 percent record in applications.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place, and a loved self has two obsessed coronary arteries and their family doctor derived it to a cardiologist whose archive in angle is 200 of us.
But do you know something?
She's looking at this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think you should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon of a nurse or a biological obesity?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the medicine knows the acts of a good surgeon, of a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include the monkey of being perfect.
That you never, ever get a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessional student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Golden studied until a blood test.
Such a thing.
I studied in my little device, in the reconstruction of the Toro-life General Hospital -- not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artist coming out of the air, the digital digital diagnosis and not the robot.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney authority.
And as I got more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I came from the medical school with the impression that if I looked at everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I was going to communicate from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the lady Druggle to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the carbon service.
And when I used to go to a cardiologist to get me to attend that patient.
And to report the chief of resistance.
When I saw Mrs. Drawine, I was gained.
I heard a strong sound sound.
And when I was supporting it, I heard a shipping sound in both sides of both sides, which was sent to me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did, and I got to work in the treatment that I would give him.
I gave him abstraction and medicine.
I gave him diarrhea, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake. He sent her to his house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief of resistance.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and hold it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to bring complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I may not want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility to take care of my patients without even counting my boss at all.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said, "Golden, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the lady Drugglea, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature, "Yes, I think I'll be good."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So it was that he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the drugs took her to his house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I picked up to leave the hospital and walked towards the parking station where my car was to go home. At that point I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service at home.
And there another nurse, not the one that cared about the lady Drugglean before, but another one -- I was told three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear of.
Other specialists also fear them, but there is a particular amount of programmer and it is that we see patients.
The three words are: Do you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she returned to the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the time of an hour of having come to his house, after I gave him the high school, he suffered a collapse. And his family called 911 -- the newspapers brought it into emergency with a 50 feet of Haiti, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff came up all their resources.
They gave them medication to climb the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was excited and sacred to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that he would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. The lady Drawine, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the marine shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake anymore.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that feel.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a wave.
I talked to family and I'm sure I saved things and made sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boy? Why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I get a stranger some mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
So gradually that feeling was discussed.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I had the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, it would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat of the throat.
I was very busy and contributed.
He was pointing out here.
I looked at his throat -- he was a little color.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him to her home.
But as he went to the door he was following his throat signaling.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to speak with me in his office.
And it made the three words, right?
Do you remember the patient who saw for a pain in the graph?
So he came back and didn't have a scientific factories.
He had a potentially deadly affect called algorithms.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the top, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was lucky, he didn't fail.
You get anti-protective antibiotics and it gets back to a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representations, then I went back and I went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency shift.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a river radio, but it turned out to be normal -- a colleague that was reviewing the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right street and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to remember and asked my colleague to review it.
And I checked it up, and I noticed some sensitivity at the bottom right, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was delivered to me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beach.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just short and supportive.
And here's the problem: if I can't free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I show you this so that they don't eat the same mistakes?
If I go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time they heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but they won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transportation in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me to have difficulty to look at her eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
This is the system that there are two positions that are making mistakes and the ones that are not -- those who can't sleep and the ones that have some results and those who have excited results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibiotics that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes.
But that brings two problems.
In about 20 years of discrimination and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical programmers and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Toronto to my program, White Coca, Black Art, black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are a general.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or deforestation is not right. In a system where the intuitive infections are increasingly more and more numbers, making chaos and death.
In this country, we die 24,000 Canadian cards by average medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about burning luckiles, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so they are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get updated to.
dream deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest. It comes along with crazy eyes, and with breath to alcohol and all of a sudden, my story is a lot of destruction.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't take their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not going to stay anybody.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program, "Deadayed white, black art, is a habit to say, "This is my worst error -- and I would tell everybody, from the drugs to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? And it will lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go back, they would go down your head and they would transport and they started telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a reductionist medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reductional doctor is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of its mistakes, but it will be effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that humans are going to run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in time.
My name is Brian Golday.
I'm a reductional doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel it a lot, but I'm really excited to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to pick a Middle American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not a long ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were driven by these executives and the time they were employing to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they took 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many mentors.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine minutes, and how many of you at an hour.
How do you figure out how to handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of quality -- choose to choose operation.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a parallel.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of option of choice?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, it would make this very, very high level supermarket -- at least in that time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Drugs.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and violation, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of foreign water, and this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why don't I buy nothing?
This is the steel oil step.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed boxes that come from millennia trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Did this strategy look at all these options?
He pointed out the substantias filled with tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the memories.
It's going on.
They had 72 different classes.
We set up a post to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put out there with six flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what about people were willing to stop the memories?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a member of memory.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
What they stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memories.
If we did the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy memory if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memory -- probably it comes to us -- at least it's good for us to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice delivery affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Mr. Hubble and Weibo January, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in savings of savings for retirement -- the 1949 program, designed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 657 plans that were coming from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered -- there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 or more, not so high as it would like.
And in the plans that were offered about 60 fund, the participation rate described to the second 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of choice, the more people were struggling to avoid actions or the hedge funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they pay the decision, that they apply it even when this is against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and in health.
They are more likely to pick up things less satisfying things, even though they usually get better.
The main reason is that we keep looking at that giant variety of massive, mustard and smallpox and memorial, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that amazing exhibition of it.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've been teaching, in a way or another, in different research, so that you can test their business.
The first is, Cortum.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Come on."
They worry about losing space in the analysis.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut up, you get rid of strange reductions -- there will be an increase in sales -- lower cost, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Protestan & Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Heater & Swiss to 15, you saw an increase of 10 percent in sales.
When corporation Goldman Cate eliminated products for cats of cats that are less sold -- they increased the uses in 86 percent, by two causes, greater sales and fewer costs.
You know that supermarkets today, in average, they offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart they are offered about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest stores in the current world is Andy and offering only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in a classroom.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the Daniel Lawsuit plant, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are automatically embedded to a security fund.
Those who really want to choose, are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
They already know that people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
These are all important choices.
The first thing I do is I ask the employees, "Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate -- neither will you do their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gara.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few variations with all paid the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take Gara supply.
(Authors apartments. Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the office.
Isn't it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think it actually reached more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second round, but I can get up and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of option of choices, which is Connecticut.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences have to feel very vivous, very concrete ways.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective effect?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that getting more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shell Benjamin and Alaska Prevail, on the staff of News working NGOs who worked in NGOs, these people were in a meeting where they were affecting a 404 plan.
At that meeting, we were looking at exactly how we used it, we made a little bit of addiction.
What we added was we applied to the staff that they thought about the positive things that happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the against 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the WMPA supermarkets along the northern run, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different kinds of things to 601.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell me.
These are two games of Japanese.
One is called "Kansa and the other, "What "Sheet."
If you think the one on the left is Shanghai, and the one on the right is Jaza, you give a parallel.
(Climate appliances? Well, there's some superson."
If you think the one on the left is Japan, and the one on the right is Shanghai, you give a parallel.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan, and the one on the right is Shanghai. But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something that I chose to do, not the one that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge lists.
You know who they're informing?
My fourth category cancer, Convention complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German campaign manufacturer that allows you to pursue it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions to grab the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
colors, outside color from the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look at it?
How involved.
If you can always get the button by defect in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed -- it is, we are losing them.
We found that the ones that go from a lot of options to a few options, they open the button by inequality over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with easy, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice operation: Coral, eliminate strange alternatives -- contrast, make it real. Classified, we can handle more categories with less options -- to make complexity.
All of these techniques that I've introduced you were designed to help drive the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Muslim East Germany, if you had a machine to write it to the government.
You had to register a piece of text of example with the machine.
And this for government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think somebody could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having a few printed yellow dots on every page that are still a pattern that makes them from one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to get a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what's happening in the world online, we can grab the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the civilizations.
Like Mr. Dimitri Global City in Ukraine.
The mobile cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use collars to earn a lot of money, lots of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplies, who won money with their attacks.
This is Virginian Tasmanian, from Tasmania, Star.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Berni Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Twitter Albert etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their forests online, but they do it by illegal media through banking transactions to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam Jack, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jack is struggling. He knows his sheep.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad at worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attractions that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests -- they motivate them, they motivate the laughters.
groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months occupying a role in the laboratory online.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group is the national states, the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Dignity.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a conditioning authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Deciding the last fall, because of a salary.
They surrounded the security of the site and they lost a collaboration.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people to cause the attack to Diantic.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an attack of these?
Digity is a certified authority.
They sell creatures.
What do the creators do?
Well, you need if you have a website with hotels, encrypted services SSR: services like Ghana.
Except that they intercept a foreign creative authority.
They emit collaborative certificate.
And in the case of Dignity exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the Egyptian secret headquarters in April 2011, and during the corner of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this card called "The Shakespeare.
And within that folder. There were notes of a company with seed in Germany who had sold the tools of the tools of the tools to intercept high scale the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 220,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago was found the School transportation, a transportation used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspect in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the School transport to infect our computer with a team to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like these obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide."
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we have today, will be forever.
Are we going to be blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi does not have close to the bulk of the south, which means that wild animals like the babies migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it very bad because it was the only story we had.
My community, most of them, we think we come from heaven with our animals and all the land to punish them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up hate a lot of lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock and also are upset.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, about six at nine years old, is responsible for his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't service, because even helped lions look at the stranger standard.
I didn't get up. It continued.
A second idea was to use a shoe.
He tried to deceive the lions to believe that it was close to the standard.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and saw the spinals, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day the lions did not come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light to move.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and shut the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
Art everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little bit of indicators -- I call it a transformation.
And the indicatorize box makes the lights disappear.
As you can see, the bushes go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights flash and send the lions to think I'm walking through the staircase, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had the problems with the lions.
And the house houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals in the lions and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators, like here, legal, and it's also being used to escape elephants from farmers.
Thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Broadway International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the prime prisoners holding the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that some day would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate lions but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
And so you smell it. What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting a story is like you.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Turk: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to do a fence climber. CA: A fence close?
RS: I know you already invented the electric close, but I want to do the mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- RS: I have tried it before, but I got a ball --  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to fit in every step that you have, my friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Vividgener."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Indian, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existed in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're released together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die."
It was very underwater.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
One woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at the face of his mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine in North Korea in the middle '90s.
At the end of a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survived by eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also made more and more frequent energy cuts -- all my way around the night except for the sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Arab River, which serves from the North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very addicted to certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it took 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a North Refunder.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North China refugee were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and represented to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being normal, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and department.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and I said questions.
At the end of the interface, an officer told another, "This was a fake report -- she's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some North China are looking for foreign embryos.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and sports.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape -- many other North Koreans have been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identity and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody can be shifted in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to be able to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
So in South Korea, it was a much larger challenge of what I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and south.
We're all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I a surrounding or north?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country I could call with my pride, right?
Although I adapt to life in South Korea, I was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a state call.
The North Korean authorities invented some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location in the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some way, for over three thousand miles across China and then across the Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and almost we were caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and added by a Chinese police officer.
He asked all of all of them and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When Chinese officer came up to my family, it was mostly got me up and I told him that they were sovereign people who were accelerating.
I looked at me, but fortunately, I was created.
We did all the way to the Labor border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lad.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the border.
After paying and sensors, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Lalas.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was retreated in prison at the distance of the South Korean embassy away.
I went between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or shoes.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man wondering, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt the man was to the ATM of the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two north northern northern novels.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolized a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the modern people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But it is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, prices of English language, work practices and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans going around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is South Central Center, long food, fast food, white land.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  -- local floors, fast food, white land.
Like 250 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Central Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to get more people killed than food in the car.
People are dying of cultural diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than say, Beverly Hillares, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happened.
And I wondered, how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home you see the damage effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see wheelchair wheelchair and sold as cars used as cars.
I look at distance centers by supplying like Starbucks.
And I consider this to stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes of hand and go back to buy an apple that doesn't have pessicists.
What I did, I would plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a line of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet away.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groves, we get together and we start planting our food forest of food, fruit trees, you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by advice of all the processes, from all the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
And then somebody complained it.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a circumstance saying that I had to remove my garden, the filmmaker became a court order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, put it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Pop, and I talked to the advice and one of the Greeks Ground, who put a petition in Changeonize, with 900 sisters, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My advice even called to say they went back and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more bad terrorists.
It has 68 miles of bad land.
That's equivalent to 20 Parks Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million plant plants.
Why does it look like this?
It'll grow a plant to give a thousand -- 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar to give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my human, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti -- which gets walls, I fear soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas and the plants and the trees, are my emphasis of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what land can do if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
Gardenium is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a rural.
You get fruits.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, were like the 1930s, at night and they were in my backyard, and I went out and looked very standing.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I told them, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hungry, and this is just why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear people are going to steal your food?
And I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that you're going to steal it."
So it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but I want you to pick up your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was great, they shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Groves has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We have had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all of the volunteer plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, they will eat tomatoes --  but if none of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind people in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're trapped -- I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are engaging their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington, Carrical Carrier.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole garden block where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take containers and turn them into a healthy coffee capture.
Don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free thing is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to hold it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the street, take the kids out of the street, and you know the joy, the pride and honor to grow their own food, opening farmers from farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sex.
I want you all to become a renewable regulatory, general gardens, generic garden.
We have to change the script of what's a general.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gene.
The guards take their hair, right?
So that's its choice of choice.
In short, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, I don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some limits -- to talk about making some miserable.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your hair so we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience noises)  (Months of microbes."  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of an adaptation, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
They can have a lot of water in the asphalt that it sacred.
And especially if you go into your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make a post-powder road.
Poor substance, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pore and water can go through it, so the whole water of rain will flow up to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they will not claim any more.
The noise also disappears in these pores too.
Because it's very hot, all the noise disappeared, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is to get up? You see that in this road the rocks of the surface are coming out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But they can hurt her paradox, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create backgrounds with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Bacteria, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a little amount of addition between the stones.
Because of the beginning, the ultraviolet light, the operation, this addition, this beetle, the glue between the rich, is going to be graduated, and if it gets up, they will make microbes and you will separate from the addicts.
So if you drive down the road, you will take your addiction -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about authoritarian materials.
If we can make this material authority, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use steel wool from that to clean up, and we can cut the steel wool in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the beach.
So we have asphalt with small pieces of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a discipline machine.
Education can heat down, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the beach, the baby flow by these microbes and the rocks will look back into the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big engineering machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, I'm now going to get out to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 feet of the AIDS highway in which we had to do a trial cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on roads, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them then with our engineering machine and we repair them and we try and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers and integrating these fibers by using the power energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface -- it can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, you have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to face first before I can show you how you act the representation.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember waking up one morning with the sound of the jury in my house.
My father was listening to IBM News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news usually dependent on it.
"The Taliban would be like, scream my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal things that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister who could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could actually educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market so that it seemed like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us who were prepared in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Once in the time, the school was completely closed for a week, because the Taliban was supportive.
We always wondered what they knew of us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were atmosphered, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total approach of a remote province of Afghanistan insisted in that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father represented it.
But my mother educated became teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating their children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments where I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "You know, my father said, "You can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do.
So, you don't want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the church, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Mellon College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, he was exiled from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate her daughter.
He didn't only get rid of my college degree, but I also was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who I carry it down on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 166, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOLA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, they advocate for them, to weigh and even in front of an evil opposition.
Like Amm. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ammuni is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went out from SOLA to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb in the way, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice survived that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they were going to try.
"Look at me now, if you want to, he said, "But I won't harm the future of my daughter for his old and retrofitted ideas.
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father that recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first convincing interactions of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the talents, the girls who went to school are in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
And I fear that these changes don't have a lot, after the retirement of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that animate them, I see a professional future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the example: "Him, resist Galapago. fight against him.
But you never get a Galifor resource back."
They've spent almost two years since the liberal revolution inspired by the evidence of mass movements both of the Tunisian Revolution as well as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of stream and start a revolution against the Gardenisia technological regime.
And we did it. It was a great revolution.
Women and men, young men were in the window, demanding the fall of the regime, providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value of the desktop of Galapago dictatorship.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and some losses from about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the shark.
However, Galapago left a heavy burden -- a list of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Earth's tourist regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
The awareness of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, together to many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, by requiring an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Benia during it, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Triangland.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Platomy Women's platform, a movement of women, leaders, leadership, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I met with a very difficult environment in the professional period, an environment that was increasingly politically, which is model of selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 15 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, gradually the electricity of choice and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing. Every day we found the news news.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi grandparents.
Another day he announced with the news of the American Ambassador and the attack of the computer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the military officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of military and their continuing violence of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, which is formed by a revolutionary mindset, populations more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence and explosion and revenge.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the success of "comfortability and the election.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize good.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The electromagnetic list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still pollinated and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Maybe what they were missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed choices, who only reinforced polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the quantum representation of the most than needs the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an agency agent and calling the anger.
We need to start acting as an agent of compassion and microchick.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honor but also puts the microchick rather than the violence, the collaboration rather than the competition instead of the explosion.
These are the ideals that a Liberia, destroyed by the war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that tries to deal with the interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and male people.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to a Corporation of the Koran -- "Patient -- "It's the word of the Merry God -- "Oh, company."
At the same time, the word "Red" -- which is known in all the a terrorist traditions -- it has the same root in Arabic that the word "Radio" symbolized the female and material, which goes to all of the humanity that men and women, which all the tribes and all the peoples have embarrassed.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the number of the natural compassion all existence.
This is how we say, "My mistake is about all the things.
This is how we say, "My merge is prepared about my goal."
That all of them are being told by the microcracy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has an equally intriguing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to talk about is the one that all of them are always always doing -- why is she left?
Why would someone stay with a man who puts him on?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just entered the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Sergio magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first American break American Tasmanian, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my shadow some, kept to my head with a gun.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "come "Long Love, a psychological trick, which is a psychological trick, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in March of the Bukan Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of the "Burghtery 500, among the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Brown and The Washington Post, The Washington.
I have almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker and I drive an Hong Haiting.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religions of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the materials are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interesting and long duration or said otherwise in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, so the domestic abuse is so desperate.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to stay with a man who was playing it, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, novels and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or his patterns.
I met Congress on a cold and rain night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in the subway in New York City, and I started floating with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he was also able to get out of a university of the Island Leader and worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a field of the field.
He had big mountains like apples and a wheat white hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things I did Congress, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it especially by putting me in a peripheral.
And we started coming out and he loved all of me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard, which puts passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I hire believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And that's why the link in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to sit and do the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York City and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner so I accepted my job and Congress and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a come crazy love," which was coming into a physical trick, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it means.
And this is where they go into the scene those guns.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe was bought three stories.
One was in the car guide.
Another one would keep it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived of small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those stories actually were a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious dangerous, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother from my mother and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very architectural.
It just had been very overwhelmed by the wedding.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never make it hurt.
I spent twice as much in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving towards a secret beach and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I broke several times against the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, and I went through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Connecticut kept asking me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or account at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control that every year 15 million children are more made, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I leave me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply stated man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his dreams.
The other question that everybody else does is: Why don't you just be carrying?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any time.
So for me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that you normally ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a marker.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in domestic violence cases happen after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after the resource, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent heart, even after the abuse has come to married, and they get from financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and their children, which are usually forced by judges to spend time not supportive with the man who beat their mother.
And we still keep asking why it doesn't just go?
I was able to go, because of a last Palestinian say that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody to the world, the police, to my friends, my friends and family, to all unknown, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims as spiral headlines like supermarket, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people is a way to say, "The fault is a way to say, "The fault is a state of standing -- as if the victims are going to choose in the way that we are going to choose to get out of men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Oh "Oh "Man Love, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escape that they learned an unsustainable lesson of what happened to them and they raised their lives and happy life and happiness as employees, wives and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a tender and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black laboratory and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have never more, and it's a charged pistol pointing to my head in someone who says I want.
At this point, you are thinking, "Hawk, that's fascinating? Or "Hall, what a stupid thing was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which you're listening to right now, which are being more materials or that they were small or they're abandoned themselves.
The material could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love to my crazy love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just programming on silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the input to the light talking about it with his children, his coworkers and his friends and family.
They represent their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to try consciously to slow their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years now.
And I feel like right now, there is an awkward tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first shift of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to show you, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it came up, they don't have to tell him now, but I'll find it out later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater. Because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
And I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would drag the back and I would get the hair of the kid.
Of course, I was safe with surgery or an artificial broken like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although surface and inherent, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being courageous means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a single way.
The first question is, how do you become model?
And I always say, A chance discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I did model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heroic is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, also have associated with a high and small figure, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- I heritage that I've known to harness for money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown schizophrenia, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait. There are Nami, Thailand, Joan Simps, Lou Web.
First of all, the happiness to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a University student at New York University told each and every one of the models in the surface, and the 77 controlled models, only 27 -- it's less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't care about that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a neurological surgeon and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist on, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of nothing, and you could be the head of the American Volunt magazine or the CEO of HIV or the next Steven Mercewhave.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose to.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the cardiac surgery, it can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you already have finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and some jobs to your back, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president from the United States, but your culture said, "The internal clothing model for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are retreating.
And yes, you probably get all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
I would look at my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a couple of weeks before the photos for French Voltcape.
Here I am with my football team and the Venico magazine.
And this is me in today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures.
They're a group of a group of professionals, pink, massive, photographers and statistics, and all their purposes and people in front and positive, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many tanks of 20 inches and that I never use, except the previous pair -- but the privilege I get is the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the dressed free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a democratic piece of medicine, and he jumped up a red, and of course, they stood up, and it was basically a little bit of sense, agent in order to continue to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140,000 teenagers who were spent and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there's only 177 black and Latino young men in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times are I going to stand up?
By researching for this talk, I found out that at 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number gets to 78 percent to 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit thinner and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some smaller legs and the most brilliant hair -- will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant legs and the clothes more in the fashion -- but probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something to retain from this talk, I hope that they all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you about my 15 protected photos and I didn't get it out of them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat pictures or even a minimum care of the lighting in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them up to random.
My story starts when, I find myself in New York City to give a prevent, my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday -- that's the country of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take wisdom to New York in a paradigm trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that they were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of getting the camera into a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has gone with the camera.
At the time, we weren't aware of how much life this journey would change.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what that day was going on so that a five-year-old girl could understand.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new hills, and I can see life through your eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking on, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red bag of the shoulder store that I would love with small in previous visit.
And I described what it was like at five years of foot in that same place.
He said he remembered his heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories creation.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, it doesn't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always a picture of the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't doubt someone and ask him, "Do you get a picture up?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Biologists are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do you have so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter protected as mental characters, dumb, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, apartment and stations are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Park, but I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment.  The parachute doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly moving.   They're far away from extinction.  And my favorite, the boards have better presence --   There are two kinds of boards on this planet.
There are the butterflies of the New World that are mainly found in the Americas, like the cells and the faces and the Olympics of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bombs important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services.
They are our natural junk recovers.
You clean the walls to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not being for them would spread and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no markets, the cars take three to four times more time to deploy, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
But the boards also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with old Egyptian culture.
Neister was the symbol of the protein and the maternity and, along with the goat, they symptomated the unit between the Alban and the Lower Egypt.
In Hindu microbial, Japan was the bone god god, and he risked his life to save the degree of the 10th day of the 10 heads of Democrat.
In the Tibetan culture, they do some very important end of open skins, in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead or wood to create them, so these bottles provide a system of natural election.
What is the problem with the burns?
We have eight species of boards in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason they are being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, the passionate communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the burns are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of buttons are in the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickar.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture.
Since there are no burden, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the street variations, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb bomb bomb bomb, and the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 350 addicts are going to be above the Turkey Lake land.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
These are birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible commercial trade trade to serve the battery and the map market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting transportations.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments on regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bucks, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they produce.
How can you help? It can become active, making noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very understandable creatures. Tell your time to spread the word. Discussion the word.
When you get out of this room, you will report on the boards, but talk to your families, with their children, with their neighbors on the boards.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything I make -- my life -- it's been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1974, 1973. Long light, but I'm no longer sorry.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, East Carl and Alaska and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we established in failed Africa.
And I was particularly.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything that we were able to put on it argued.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Americans of the Zambia: was a project where we were Italian, and we decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia, to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zambia River, and we teach local tomatoes and heavy tomatoes and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't accept.  We were amazed that the local ones, in so fragile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just in time to save the people in Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa is really grown up.
We got these magnificent shots. In Italy, a tomato would grow up this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the commons, "Look how easy the agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night in the morning, about 200 high papers appeared from the river and they ate everything.  And we said to the commons, "Oh my God, we hated them."
And the remote people said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say, "You never asked you."
I thought we were just the Italians we ate errors in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans do, what the English did, what the English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I was pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hippocampus.
You should see waste --  You should see the waste that we organized the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read Deam Death from Damai Mozart, economist community.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors we have delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused to.
Just read your book.
Talk to you from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impossible, collaborative missions, and we treat people only in two ways or patterns, or we are patroles.
The two words come from Latin Party "Patrine," which means "and father."
However, it means two different things.
Patient, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot.
Patterns, treat everyone in a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "goodwill," head.
That book gave me a shock in the face. The little thing is beautiful, written by School, who said about all the economic development, if people don't want to be help, give them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you -- can you imagine a city that isn't negative?
I decided at the age of 27 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Cambridge Facebook where you never initiate anything, you never get anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the local service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It's shut up.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the location.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee coffee. We met in a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find the knowledge, because no one in the world can be successful.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once we get to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once we hear them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never apply, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified about.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face and you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the company, the family family doctor, who sits with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Specifice, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this content that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very difficult.
And I got stuck and I heard them.  So the government says, "Have it new --  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Draconian, one of the most great business adversary in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Draconian was a philosophy professor before I got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drawines says, "Planeting is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy.
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christmas without knowing what the most systems in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will go out, you'll come in a mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What presentation is you more like this morning.
Local people passionate -- that's what you've applied.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution industrial revolution -- not renewables, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we number -- we cure, we have educated, we transform, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- universities? Forget it.
The government government? Forget it.
They will be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the year, this group of people gathered together this group of people, and they specialized about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was energy: the city of New York wasn't going to exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring to the population of New York around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already getting driven in spirituality.  So in 1860, they were dying this technology that will have the life of New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in 1900, in the United States that they came up in the United States, autonomous manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few stage, excited, factories in passionate places.
Dominican, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer you an absolute device, decorative, entrancer.
And particularly, you will have to tell you the truth about how to understand.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commercial, and you have to tell you a fantastic financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've research and looked at the 100 consistent companies in the Carnegie world, Westerner, Edwards, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yach.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: None of it was started by a single person.
The word "I never mean, but the word us."
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facial facilitators -- who come from a little business of little businesses sitting in coffee captains, in bars next to their dropped doctors who are going to do for you, what someone did for this guy, who talks about this exposure, somebody who will ask you, "What does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that. I want you to look for somebody for you?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
The people who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authorities, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to lovers and books and designers for centuries and I trust a city.
There is a decline in New Orleans.  There's a decline in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for the lived time.
He gave the significant things of my life today.
But I'm sorry for keeping this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard, and I painted on her phrases to fill out, "Before I die.
So the transportations could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect this experiment, but the next day the wall was replicated and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judged by paradigm.  Before I die I want to sit on the line of catastrophe change."
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the net.
Before I die, I want to hug it once again."
Before I die I want to go to someone's rescue response."
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope from people made me laugh at cards, disappeared to me, and they gave me consumption in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and schools -- it's about giving up the reflection and context, and remembering what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center we made a kit, and now they have been done walls in countries around the world, like Katrina, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distributions, it's more important than ever, finding ways of preserving the perspective and remembering that life is short and delicious.
The death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Remine is 22 years old, it's high and very guy.
I don't speak -- but transmitted joy.
Remember knows what love.
I share it incredibly through what happens.
It's not away. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: I've never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words of the words I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
You have the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but it remembers the year that I came out every song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to get my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gabby.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds are not attached to the concept of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what propelled my heart, and I posed my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them within the original, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and authentic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term authority, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it gets a different way, from there that Reminess is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that are faster in the world, there is no cause or any known curve.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
She was living and released in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in the row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would be in between.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond bees, frustration and unconscious chancelony, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without predictions, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult times in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal is going to be the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey it one thing to Rome and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autism or not, the differences we have -- they're a girl." Every one of us has a gift inside and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for great, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been to be Alice in the country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  That's really scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big words and their big words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the contradiction hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment to environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the translators, but they study the translators, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat obstacles.
And when they're describing their science, care of the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporal, but why not say space and time?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them stuck.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- they're ways of getting rid and excited with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget from the signs of balance."
They have wondered why they call banks?  What do the balloons do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it goes too much in the language of our brain language and it opens up.
Instead, this film of example of General Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of transportations is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower design.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legal, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described for.
I think these are just some keys that can help others open up the door and look at the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, all over the media, terribly simply --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words all over the Deconsious English dictionary is "grandmother."
Just because it sounds great.
And "Shared means "of "of development.
Although there was a personal editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A sub-Saharan is the one that seeks a public charge without matter parties, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a mastery researcher monstrate."
I have no idea what it means representative.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until that was 177, for example, 1775 that Parliament British allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliament camera.
And all of this was because of a guy with the name of Brazils Cruss, who faced Parkinson's paralyzed.
They got them on the London of London and they found him, but he had the enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that won.
And only a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase record of the phrase "she's sort of blood and the metropolitan stores."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was depressed in Congress for a long time.
All sorts of suggestions they could have failed.
Some people wanted to call it "Blood de Water -- Washington, and others, "The Alice George Washington, and other "Developed Free Fireflies of the U.S.
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it Rem.
They thought it was true quality.
And not even with it, they were monotonous, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have service.
Everybody gets incredibly married because this debate is provided for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor song, and I always wrote, "I still want this topic.
What caused the retina and the way it was the Cape of Representatives were against the Senate.
The Republic of Representatives didn't want Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it King because he was giving him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest title and more significant and more slowly that they came up with.
And that title was President."
President -- they didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but it only meant somebody who plays a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more granding than the term "capital or superconductor."
There were events of little colonies of little colonial suits and government, but it was really a significant title.
And so the Senate was operated.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
This guy has to sign treated and meeting with foreign diagnostics."
"And who would take a serious title in serious and inspired as the U.S. President of America.
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't exist.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never challenged the title of President fundamentally.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you know, we can keep waiting for 223 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads of display, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of air vehicles and so forth.
The reality and the story have given the title of grandparents.
So at the end they won the Senate.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other Sensing concern -- the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a signal at the time.
But you know how many nations are you now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the Cameroon Consciousness camera, because nobody is going to feel humble when you tell them that they're now President of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually the driving reality much more words than they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of southern bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that character of male toothbrush and stones made with primitive tools.
As the others, I take a cheap line of continuous light in the head with this artificial electrical electricity, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the walls of that hole of a meter that takes hundreds of meters on the ground.
My hand was removed and suddenly I remember a mine I met days before, who lost control and fell countless meters in that point.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're a pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vanchet Peace Community.
Among all the amazing people I met there met a pressure of France the Selections, an NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not such a grade.
When we finished talking, I felt really bad. I was excited to ignore this attribute of our days and thought, if I don't know, how much people don't know?
I was made up the stomach, and, weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Sarah Derek director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, it had already been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, violent corporations visited.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice as much as the amount of Africans displaced during all of the traditional slave scales.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of a few dollars today.
However, today, you can enslave the entire families of generations by generations of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13,000 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in the trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are depressed.
Slide exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the dragges of bricks.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Infinity of Dani.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families in a heavy post of dust -- they stack mechanically brick in their heads, until 18 at the time, and they take them from the horizontal holes to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They demonstrated by the monkey and the song work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passwords to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction made it going to be quite interesting.
And so fire was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to get it up, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the absolutely appliarized absolutely grabbed me and said, "Listle, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were.
I had to trust France the Sales and work within the system for his liberation and trust you to get it.
As far as me, I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles by miles from mountains to trucks they hoped down.
Those big punches were more heavy than kids who killed them and children hold them to their heads with carding cards made of sticks and ropes and hands.
It's hard to present something that advanced.
How can we influence something so instant, but so non-zero-sumpite?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been like this all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages called their freedom, the slaves were completely burned their homes.
When we hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness I was able to be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Karth I was struck by women who had been previously sexually slaves.
I was driven by a few angels who were giving this dirty basement of a little bit of a large light.
It wasn't exactly a little bit.
It was rather a restaurant.
Republican as you know in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the women are standing with their girls and children, some of the ones are forced to train clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From standing in the panel, I remember having felt an acute fear and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a surface, the stairs.
There were no park doors.
There were no windows big enough to go.
Those people don't have spinal scanner, and because we play such a difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people sitting in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens for the northeast, but we don't see it.
Texting is another activity that often relate to the labor of spinal labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were the entire families stuck in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hands of black are the father, the tents of blue and red, from their children.
They mix tunas in these big barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the synanoup is toxic.
My performer told me their stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can be able to go out of this house someday and go to another place where you really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family family on a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids -- it makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their transformative families, disappeared and forced to work extinct stories on these boats in the lake -- despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up was transportation, it feared that his little canoe was going on.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of trees of the trees plunged in Lake Volvo often attract networks and children, failured and fear -- they travel into water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are supply.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love it's not going to go to it, and as the whole life has been treated with crowd, it tries to deal with the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when the last networks, but they had been working from one another.
At night and window.
And it would point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Koych.
Kofi was rescued in a village village.
I met it in a shelter where Fred the Selections released to the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolic is possible.
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
It was driving through a road in Ghana with some from France the Selections, a complete application with her suddenly accelerate and supportive car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it by a path of land to the forest.
At the end of the way, he invited us to go out of the car, and he asked the driver that was rapidly coming out.
Then he pointed out this sense of sense and he said, "This is the way, this is the path. Come on!
As we started down, we took the transportations that were blocking the path and after walking around an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we discovered in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the singing path ended abruptly on a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of slavery.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in survivors with market.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These minutes are enslaved in a peace in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were caught in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his tired, irrelevant, since many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they will kill the stone to extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong men and visual men, but if we look closer, we see other less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this male ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the meeting of the market in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When they die his uncle, Manhattan inherit the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked on the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mines, so severe that doctors said it should be amazed.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and I don't know that, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream about being released and educated with help of local activists like French the Searches, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony from them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not revenues. They are people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that happens that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, moved that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that the force sends a fire and that that fire drops light on the slavery because, without that light, the beauty of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematical mathematics, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we're like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
That's why I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They deliver the variables of the ballet and the classic dancers --  that we will see later.
But the danger is demanding a degree of extraordinary training -- a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroyed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Street who, in his time, was a virtual dancer winner.
Over the last few years, it's been made a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are six billion people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness. Temperature, region and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
And we need to be able to measure progress in objective ways, and in definition, the only way that we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and a cerebral metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do their exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as no conventional way to try it, you see, in a certain sense, at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jane Street.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you make sounds like talking -- we can imagine as a vocal whale dancers because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes you need -- the Flocks, for example.
And, like the ballet -- it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal cords as they vibrate and as well as Parkinson's affections, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of the irregular corruption of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
It would be voted, weakness and region.
The speech becomes more quiet and passed after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these exams based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the examples that are based on voice are not specifically.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're from minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It would not make me go to the clinic for the rock cheese.
With high-speed monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive performance of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, there are fantastic scales on the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So when you give today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Internet.
Together and Parliamenting, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with no Parkinson, can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mathe, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get out of these shows?
Max Lither: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
BL: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances -- and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limited free factors in search of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now.
BL: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Amenese, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now he has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which is accompanied by the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Novel and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
BL: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lither, public.
BL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographic receptors in New York City.
We are preventional creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in the rooms without windows and usually avoid sunlight.
We make models, thin models, the perfect skin still more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where I was voluntary -- there was Hans Volvers, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13th of May traveled to Obama.
It's a little fishing village located in the Isaac president of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The water level received over 24 feet high, and over three miles in the inside.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We took the backs from the channels and the batteries.
We cleaned up schools, we remove the slime. And we leave the ready houses to be renewable and released.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, supermarket, rotten from local factory.
We were supporting and loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and Steven cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
They pick them up and take them into different places of the village around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffering.
While they fled the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village event center.
It helped clean the common toilets, the huge, giant barriers.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the evidence center is collecting the photos.
There they took them and I had the honor that that day trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was doing my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some who had over a hundred years of some of them still in the lab, I couldn't help to think about how to fix that gas and repair that trait and know hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive -- that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strangely, but where the water had documented the face of the girl should be accumulated with a lot of precision and depressing.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the photographic picture.
Over the time of time, they came through more photos, and they needed more reporters so that I entered Facebook and Lincolns and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighboring village north of James.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
And the time you were going to take you in giving them is a different story, depends on course of the waste of the photos.
I could imagine an hour. I could make a few weeks.
I could imagine months.
This bird had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in salt water, bacteria, bacteria, even with oil, even with oil, all along with the step of time continues to destroy them, so you can clean them out by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner again.
We were lucky with the little cleaning of hand.
We count with the guide of a remarkable neighbor.
It's very easy to hurt the pictures as well.
As a Wentin once said, "World leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe it out but he stopped when he realized that it was even more.
He also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in a single picture and pick up the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble we were quite far away from where his house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers in the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the signals were sound.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day I handed her pictures his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that would not have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us to the Hans Hollywood hundreds of them helped us clean out more than 130 photographs -- the vast majority -- the great majority of their owners came back to their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 family hundreds of things completely restricted and retreat.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear it.
They are guard of our memories and stories, the last thing we will take out, but the first thing we will go back to look for.
This is about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to go back to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of reports.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to go back to something, using their talent for something that is not thin models of perfect skin.
In order to end up, I'd like to read this email -- I sent it the way I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was retriever, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, controlled me, because a picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I am, and my daughter recently was born from our wall.
In the entire world, in every few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Apples.
Doug Edinburgh inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple on an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I give you a new kind of photography, the female -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in the slow camera of the movement.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the crimes, beyond the line of vision, or seeing the inside of the body without using X, and challenge really the idea of camera.
If I take a laser point and turn it up and go into a big second of second or not, in several seconds, create a package of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that bad, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures spread inside this bottle.
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens in less than a negotiation is what it takes on traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't catch this research.  They happen a lot of things in this film, and you can get this information to show what is happening.
The pulse, our balloon, comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes off, goes to the table, and we started seeing these lines.
Many of the photons finally come to the table and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble.
In that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the reference of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the thoughts are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it run the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  of a bad lens in motion.
And how about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that would be applied from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, from a cartoon at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you will realize that, as the light comes out of the tomato is still brilliantly. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light goes into its inside and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in their mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exposure, it comes into very little light.
But we're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so you just go into some light.
We sent that bad, that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very stressful significance, we took those gigabytes of data and we were interpreting them so that we were complicated to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all those data into crude and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
If a new power of a supernova future would allow him to see after the crimes?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door -- release, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light trees.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our family.
Behind the wall there is a manager and we break the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works how fast -- our family, has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture of a big, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, but we will take a lot of images, and we will put them together and try to analyze the multiple lights of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collaborations with what is around the curve of the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open window.
Or we could build electrodes able to see the inside of the body by providing useful, and the same thing for hearts.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about female as a new modality of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Doug Edinburgh, he himself was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of powerful photographs.
I realized that all the kinds of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves, remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here is something fun here.
If you look at the waves below the supermarket, these are all away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, to Einstein would have loved seeing this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the correlation of space and time, we can correct this distance.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change the life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, turn it to Shanghai and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a chimpanzee of 1984 and living in Berlin City.
Let's go back at that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people meeting that they set up for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of you have a cell phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phone, get them up.
Get them up. An Antarctica, a Blackberry, Guard."
It's a lot. Almost everybody has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 83 lines of information.
Data in a brutal.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the Commission Commission -- I presented a direction.
The Department of Data Center.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who you send an email to who, who sends an email to it.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or his Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the authority in the digital age, and we don't want the phones and the Internet providers store all of this information on us.
There were lawyers, pressures, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10 thousand people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberation, not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the St. 2.
The East was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked if this works really work.
Can you store all this information on us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, December Telecommunical, who at the time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asking them to ask you, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all white, blah, white.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But December Telecom said, no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
They would remove demand and they would send me the information I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Trice failed integrity for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly thing on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand pieces of information lines.
At the beginning, I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
I was a little skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So, next to Keith Contact and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a visualization of six months of my life.
You can zoom on and pull out, go back and forward.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I go from Frank in train to colony, and what often I call in the trajectory.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But from all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the East had known who participated in this protest, and, if the East had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The Berlin Wall of Berlin may never have happened.
And in conclusion, neither of the Corner of iron.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for the authority.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not moved away.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information comes from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that are serving them to remember that they have to fight by the distribution in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
I call me Massacha Zambia, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have brain parasites, so I have a little bit of time.
Look at it.
It's a parallel.
and Muhammad Alis.
The P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not a connection or it can be controlled.
No one was a performance of my mother and I didn't get it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just happens for accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have been described.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas sports, are in the shopping center, driving in circles looking for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disaster.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little distributed?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and P. C. It's just one of them.
There was an opinion of open, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disability and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park California, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same insides.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, it could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "No way."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it -- dance sand."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents gave up the school system and make sure that I was also going to be, and if we didn't get all the maximum notes, we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my feet in his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to make it present.
The slide that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the childhood garden was walking as a boat champion that has received a lot of stones.
When there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs -- and they remain all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would be able to use "Music to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have a problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot that died of hunger during the railway.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I'm going to help the dawn when it's very easy.
Bay hits Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with the songs, I learned that I can walk with the characters.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends used horses, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I was not.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents afraid that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mariana.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to meet me, so I drank the deer milk -- they put me hot back on my back, and I got immersed at the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned me eyes and I thought, "Well, it works."
But the miracle cure was the god.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga was an away of standard that I couldn't get out of "The Steve.
And now I can hold in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.N., University of the state of Arizona.
It was like the map of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the least smart tasks -- I had the ultimate note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass of crystal my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to do a work called San San in Jackson in Jacks.
It's a piece of a girl with brain parasites.
I was a girl with brain parasites.
So I started screaming to the four windows: "In order to have a paper."
I have brain parasites?
At the end of the fire it first free."
Thank God amazing, I am a free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave Shere Brown.
I went to introduce running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because they believed that they couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "I discuss, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a role that was literally born and gave it to an actor without brain parasites.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a tremendous story of adding actors without disability for disaster paper.
When I graduated up, I went home, and my first active tour was like extra in a telescope.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be a "that "that would be a "thing of "a "more "come friend in a synthesizer.
Instead, it was there as a shot, I didn't see me more than the nuclear, and it was obvious to me that the report directors didn't hire eggs and not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whooom Golden, Ronald Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were companies.
That's why I became humor.
In my first tour took famous cartoon from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first cartoon that led when I fell on the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain parasites.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without violence.
Some people say I'm the first mobile in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Agency of the New York City in New York City now.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media of communication, and at the same time remind the records of repair that South and Arabic are not synonymous to sound.
Interesting the Arab was much easier than fighting the challenge of the spinal disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was an invitation to the cable news program Container Alberto behind Keith Oller.
I came up as if I was to a graduate dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and said, "Spring," can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the sequence, and when I finished the interview, I was pulled off.
I finally had my opportunity and the device -- I knew they weren't going to invite me.
But not only Mr. Oliver came back to me, but I was kind of like a complete time and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oller was that people on the Internet are school.
It's said that kids are cruel -- but they never get a little bit of me or a girl or a bigger one.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a break object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why does it limit?
"Is it retreat?
And my favorite, "Poor Buddhist Tradition.
What disease does it have?
We should really go through it."
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my curve: sand, comedy, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in a wheelchair can't make Bell from Benjam, then Benico can't make someone in chairs.
The disability is the -- yeah, they clap, man. Come on.
Discovered are the largest minority in the world, and the most pushed in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I'd grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My torso journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red red carpet by the diet of the Turkey Telescope and the Clean Armanic Clinical.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandrover and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matters.
I turned the world going, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was delivered in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 of 2008.
And I founded the Children of Massacha: a charity that was beneficial to give kids refugees a particular part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
(Computer -- paper.
I call me Massacha Zambia, and if I can, you also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little town in South America.
This village is near Mozart.
The drought pushes the little village to poverty and the edge of innovation.
Without anything to it, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mozart.
After maybe a year ago, nothing.
One day you get closer to a gentleman that offers her to stand up, after dinner, to despair.
He knows a group of people who give him a destiny.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
They present a young lady.
He finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, a bomb card.
That little boy of that little town with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little boy in a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him and have it?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that took it from what we call "the waiter period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the margins, young urban urban young riots in Johnson, developing riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the sperm period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the sperm period, the gateway of access to terrorism, to violence, to the panels, to be the history of the two cities.
And in my hometown, Mozart, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mozart last month, and I went to visit the Mathematical Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the hospital to beat backs thinking, and if I never had it ever gone?
What if I had seen forced to be in that same period of wait?
Would I have become terrorism?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart that month was actually to get a few juvenile leaders in a corporate command.
I assembled about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mozart, he graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, it was the perfect white white for Al Shanghai and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Visible war years have completely destroyed the virus system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
He saw an opportunity and the adaptive.
A motorcycle company.
It started filling molecules into local residents who normally couldn't afford them.
I bought 10 motors, with his family help and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the sperm period."
It takes young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mozart Mohama, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding. You used to be a plastic store from the outside.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time that you saw French flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be never "called."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of panda and flower design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he started growing tubes and limits, who said, could survive the hard climate of Mozart.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding flowers, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies and now he's working on the creation of the first public park in Molardox in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the provider routers.
By the way, he doesn't grow rocks because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, who could be architectures of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They devised business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in the development and put their businesses.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, the support they need to move from the conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something else than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohama is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is what it calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
They add the street kids from the street to help rent and keep the motorcycle for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paradigm period of the wait."
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn the young people in entrepreneurs and they go together and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than compared and "personalized waiting."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Lorden mountains, an Arab area north in the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest seat.
The sun made the leaves would glow like a vital, and not to be in the way that we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings in shooting that land.
We got to our camp.
I was a coach in a record with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coach there was a grade, of about four square feet with apple hearts of pillar paper balls and old sheet.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The cartoons who were too lazy to get what they had brought in, who thought he was going to clean their graph?
That question followed with me, and it looked a little bit.
Who clean our graphics?
No matter how they organize or where they put our supply in Stewart?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris, or in London?
Here in New York City, the Department of Health cleaned our garbage to a hundred tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive them.
And I operated the mechanical shows and barrels the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days it's very strong one is used quickly.
It costs a lot of use to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies are following the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also danger.
According to the Office of Laboratory Statistics, the collection of waste is one of 10 most dangerous equations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and they pass around you.
They just want to go out, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implication of garbage.
When you get out of the ceiling and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste readers are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
It's the first public health protocols.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective form every day, this starts to determine their container and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries are going back and they start to hurt them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the motors in the economy begin to fail when it's in danger the consumption of it.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just I look at your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average speed daily speed.
With that I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't repair or take us out of our coffee cup of coffee, our board of the managers, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them off, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost literal.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to make our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves, of our own waste, our descriptions, and that flow should always keep a way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graph of a waste collection truck on the street, I grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running out, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as all the milks did.
And I tried to thank you to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just standing down, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be OK."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rethink the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of labor.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in Ethiopia, Addis App.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out right?
After seeing some of these buildings are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to rest.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores in which people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crisis with crystals generates heat inside the inside, so you need a lot of conflict.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's about a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the entire year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a test by trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the ancient market that is this free structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day in small marketers every day.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspired the site, which is located in an area of a lot growth in the city, where most of the buildings we see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an income anti-protection space in the building that is separated, by its own way, from sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a tissue similar to a paralyzed concrete shoes to allow the air input and also from light, but in a leaked way.
We then inspired in these beautiful buttons of the ethnic shops.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little predatory pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is completely coupled with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked.
But in definition, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of it, there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economic -- not just because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy approved for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, which is in conjunction for the sanitation inside.
You wait for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a big project, the biggest thing I designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, its tradition and the culture.
During that analysis I put a special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of an old man who was surrounded by a wall with a dozen contact doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was broaden the existing streets, creating 12 early blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patients.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate.
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural violence.
So we had a framework that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians in it.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to portray the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and do activities like running a race of two miles a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple and affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between community and the environment and that have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had great amounts of hair very bright hair, and a little little shoes of pencils -- it was super strong for the capital capital states, very good for organic.
I ended up that year, and I was full of the children, until I brought my sinister synchrony.
One day I got a time after the school came out of school -- I was a little late and hid in the girls.
When the coast was delivered, I went out, I walked into the classroom, took from my teacher to the shoes book.
And then I did.
I rented the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a few of them.
All of them.  And I was willing to bring the book into the box, but to see, some of my other fellow people had very good notes too.
So in a front, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all the rows from D and myself a row of A -- just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised me what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was that everything was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was given the reason why I was bothered that this girl, so small, was so good for organization.
I am intrigued by guns.
They're so mysterious and so penetration.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also primate birds are very property.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of cancer killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the cells are studying in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, there would be no literature.
It would not have Hellow the influence, no "India."
There was no fancy king or "The 1,000 and a night."
There was no Shakespeare.
They were going to get the high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The Luce and Future: no Galaptic) We would lose "Made Bondom," and "Annoy K.
No chairs, there is no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and as much as the jealousy, almost it has all of them.
This year you get 100 years of his masterpiece, "In the search for the lost time, the most exhaladed study of sexual cells and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Pradesh, we have the sensory details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humble human in you of launch.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget about how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Word said were so hard as a cat trick.
I don't know what cat trick, but we assume it's superconductor.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the children, the cells and Project.
Is it very obvious to be the chairs, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impacts, are a normal natural base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel chairs.
When we feel chairs, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be the narratives and audience, we know exactly what details would include -- to clear the knife, right?
The cells make us all non-state novels, and that's something I promise.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh woman that Sandrive detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sandri and Prote, they were absolutely color.
You know, the Professor November would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so colored to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are autonomous.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the children like?
The cells are nutritional from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of hair, and the cute and small screen scale.
The cells are nutritional from the photos.
That's why Institute is so successful.  And I propose it very well the language of the language with the cells.
When Sandrino is in his airport of cells, suddenly behind the doors and sounds to the services of his love, then they define those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is reproductive, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monitor."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proud is trying to prove that the cells are unrealizing and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, the pursuit of truth, a painful truth. In fact, the more painful the truth is, the better.
The pain, the humility, the loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Prout.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer in us a lot of more profound and more powerful feelings than a wise man who can be interested.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cross-section women?
No. I think it's trying to say that cells reveal ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals our adaptation, our horrible ambition and our rights.
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at that perception so profitable?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very disturbing young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife gave him him.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was low without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing involved behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Or does it accidentally go through a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the substance of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells are done to look at intensive, but no precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent or illegal acts of it.
The cells urge us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan, 52 years old, was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent visible messages -- horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year. Every year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his nose -- I have to confess that when or not, they react with ambulatory.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Norway Party novel.
Himalayas is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The "Electricity in a Tree" and "The Taliban Mr. Republican, books that are trying to get our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what might be, can be punch in a second.
Let's take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Rick is going to want or want what you have to take apart from your being, and you have to get out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It takes your rings, you take your rings, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Rock Richard route.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I want to like.
It's a pity, because we live in a few times.
We live in string times.
I mean, we are good social networks, where is coin the sending? Right?
The novels show us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Bachter Street and ask by Sheeze Homeless.
When people think about Houses, they think about the dramatic in the Morning Morgan, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred "The Lester Lester, the expensive head of Stanford Yardy who needs Hollywood desperately -- needs the Homo genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, I sound so familiar.
Serving needs its help, but the resistance, and the breakfast in the fall of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Second Aid of the Six Japanese," once Hollywood comes in, he picks up everyone with his solution, Lester goes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not clean, Mr. Homeless.
We're proud of you."
And he says there is no person in Scott Yardy who wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Homeless streams in history. I think this is very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a moment House is from the opposite side of Les.
The next minute they are on the same side.
Suddenly, Lester is allowed to admire that idea of being he responsible.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really an issue of geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the connection plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
Only the fiction.
The fiction used to the doctors, I invite them to the table.
And look at what I address, the Leaner screen, the lander Tom Riopelegal, the crazy Sandrica, the same Marcel Prote.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Burman Aldrin jumped out of the 19th Apollo modules of Apollo 11 and described about the Talk of Transportation.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but their presence in the surface of the moon was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in peace times in the history of the U.S.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program finally, 24 men traveled to the moon.
They walked on their surface, which Alberto after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of the come back, 183 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 percent of them would be affected later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University at Rice give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some ask, why is the Monderia?
Why do you turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why is it to scale the highest mountain more?
35 years ago, why will I fly on the Atlantic.
Why is Rice playing Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Potter: For the contexts, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the East World War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was the most strong emotion of the power of technology of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tribes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and eliminated the smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to have what Albert Moldament in 1970 called acceleration force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a boat with candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo player 10 dollars flew to 40,000 miles / hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the transportation of Apollo 10, and the optimism of the power of technology has been tested by seeing that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be interestingly.
I remember seeing the approve of Apollo 17 Apollo.
I was five years old, and my mother told me he didn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Saturn.
I knew that this would be the last moving mission, but I was completely sure I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have been given us and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a rational explanation in Silicon Valley, which is consumers that have been created less ambitious than those of the years in which Intel financed, Microsoft, Apple and George.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, in concrete, the incentives that the venture capitalism offer entrepreneurs to business.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment is changing the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their local point without worrying about the risk, they would prefer small investments of those who could go out in 10 years.
CAs have always had trouble to invest with charity in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they haven't invested in the development of the technologies that are designed to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that would be popular and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar solar and wind and biochemistics. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biochemistics.
We want some alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and the international treaties are going to find out the development of an alternative energy, most of them, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem to be technologies, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famines are a result of failure in the food room.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like charges or systems for storage and food, but there will be famines while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes raise a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The president Nigeria declared the war to cancer in 1977, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presented -- the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, should actually be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criticisms.
But it's an infrastructure model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no good competition like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who inherit hard and dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't need the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by responding to you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that they become cliche in our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recognition: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the recognition, the goal and the task have been interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recognition, a target and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First the response, why people think the trust has distributed?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased others.
I don't have it.
But I can turn into the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has deleted.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were complicated 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same depression.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago continue to be quite consumers, judges are normal.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a half.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust politicians in the parties?
Now, if someone asked you, "Do you trust the very biggest?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary professors?
You probably started to ask, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of them -- but in other notes."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to demand trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel by a determined type of office, or work or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain teacher teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading -- but in any way to drive school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to make good judgment to the fact of trusting something or in somebody.
Secondly, what happens to the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would do.
I would try to have more confidence in what is trust, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a part of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think those people who have given their savings with the very completely named Mr. Machker, who then disappeared with them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
They trust or negative confidence, that's the right target.
Once you tell you, it says, yes, it's worth, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about to do a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you competition? Are they honest? Are you responsible.
And if we find that one person is competition in the perceptual materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a confidence of trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competition and honest, but it doesn't trust them to take a letter to the email because they're forgetting.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I don't have a lot of friends who are competition and responsible but extremely dentistion.
If that is, I still haven't noticed me.
But that's what we're looking for, confidence before it trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness. trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we have tried to build systems of accountability for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier about judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to get the place in yourself."
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness. And trust testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is you will define the work of people who have to make hard tasks like the parts, and you have them "get the cards "Take the cars, as we say.
And I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness. And that things would be different if we tried to be a confidence of trust and we're going to convey the people that are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, working or policies are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's judgment -- simple actions, attitudes that don't properly do.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things into the reverse.
suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we organize other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be a trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring the evidence that you are worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That is done every day, everywhere, makes the common people, the workers, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my ships says I can get them back without giving any explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end of the end, I think what we're aiming is not really hard to disappear.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been working out to reduce separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be delivered.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such point today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I said, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong operation against the screen transfers its physical body to petroles.
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool is breaking the barriers out.
But the two hands stay outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the Discovery Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Cate Bobby, I redefined the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work.
By combining a transparent vision with deep cameras to detect your fingers and face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book from a steady.
You can run the book and rescue lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is down from every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we get in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
So surely many of us will have bought and back things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision you get from a device mounted in your head or transformation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
So what would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Islam, and my collaborator Remond Post, we created this only physical paper.
This spherical magnet behaves as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, what it means that human movements can record and go back and stay in the physical world.
You can teach you physically and distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be represented as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monkeys or the textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to get rid of our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that stays is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a man for two years in Hong, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses payment.
But my mother should say, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was only one close path to happiness -- a safe and good job.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the books, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the school director and a radio program.
But no adult was missing the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends were supporting me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at age 15 years old, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that, during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another volume.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
(Cassence Company "standards -- "Seven El Haiti: "The Home Human History "Close in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Great Earth is about Chinese campaigning life.
And it's not conventional propaganda. understood.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reveal, honor your father and your mother."
"How I said, "It's so different, and much better than you obey or go."
So it became my tool to come out of this conflict of collapse and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me outside because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative collection and comparative literature.
Compare and control, offer academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You may be a people "Who are "Welleving Florida from Walter Machine from David McDonald's who were involved in one case, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists, leadership, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
(Climate Turkey Title These Mine Museum Millennium Mars, instead of losing me in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized in Chinese literally means fast flower."
And "gifth" in Chinese, literally means new mother?
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to feel used or important.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a dedicated dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and classic, most of the time.
So the books always embrace them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first particle client of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session using the steams and a horses touch, he took on the couch of my office removed the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so very accurate.
My class partner had a cousin as a first client.
And I got a verb I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't do it.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, I was easy to just move my head while we broke the solution.
The three are the new Enceladus: I said, Alexander, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you get home after it has children later, to death goes later.
For violence like Alex and I had a little bit of time.
But then soon later, my superconductor prepared me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resisting me.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with guys under his category -- it comes up with a hot head, but it's not like it was to marry you."
And then my superconductor said, "I don't don't know, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best time to work on Alex marriage is before it was caught."
This is what psychologists call a "Mary moment."
It was when I realized that the 1930s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign negative was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of violence everywhere.
There are 50 million views in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one comes to adulthood without spending before the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your own.
I want to see the violence here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with the villages, they love a ship, you remove your dream a slow, I want to see. It's okay. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of key moments in life will go at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and times "Ah" -- that shape his life will have happened to when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40, don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its early 20s, and it stands for adults, which means that if there's something you want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 than at any time of life, and we know that female fertility comes to the top of 28 -- and things become complicated at 35 things.
The 20 are the time to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your everyday and common life has a defending impact in the person who will become a become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the villages are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
Researchers call the 20th teenager advanced.
The journalists give the ridiculous names to the villages like Twitter and "kids."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a transition which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think when you give parents on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart evidence, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "All of you say that while it starts a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are about to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better culture the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My dates during the 20th were like the game game.
They all run and get fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music came out, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay married, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the stores here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the three and so many of you to start a career, pick a city, pick a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not comparable, and there are research that start to show that it's much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of territories and songs look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was he doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the villages are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a woman.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though they live about a few very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult.
I was growing up often in our sessions, but then she would wake up herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends.
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost all time.
He had just bought a new letter for direction, and he had spent all the morning by putting it with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words -- "Please call me ...
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a authority accident?
Who's going to take care of me if you give me cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "I mean.
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really cares about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit as the Democratic decade of Emma went in.
So over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of us, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that crisis of identity and get a capital capital.
By the capital capital, I mean doing something that add value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be next.
I didn't know the energy of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital makes identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that interview, of that company that they want to try and try to test.
I'm not giving up the eye exploration, I'm discovering the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protection.
I told Emma to explore jobs and made them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are supported.
The best friends are excellent to get to the airport, but the violence that comes together with friends with similar minds are limited in the way they know who you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go almost always comes from outside of its closest circle.
The new things come from what they call blood links of their friends.
Yes, half of the villages have a bad job or no work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way to control this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Last but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as an end, Emma soon will choose his family, when he got a partner and shapes his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or you take you right now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards the altar.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose to you.
So what happened to Emm?
Well, we looked at that direction, and she found the fourth quarter of a cousin who worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events.
This is a man who chose consciously choice.
He loved his new career, he loves her new family, and I sent a letter to say, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emotion story may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with visitors.
It's very easy to help you.
The violence are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport who go out somewhere in the West.
Just before the dropped, a light bulb in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fish.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and 25 and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the views you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege to say to the visitors like Emma every day: the trips are not the new 20, they recruit their adult, they have identity capital, they use their weak links -- they choose your family.
They won't be defined by what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in general consulting for a work that was even more excited, the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to graduate students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied exams.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, he calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that the C. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of you who had a better performance had no point of paintings of C. strategies.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that made me think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in math in spirit magnets, safe, are hard, properties, decades, the area of a paralysis.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the B, but what if I succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenario, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Million With West Police.
We tried to predict what chains they would stay in the military training and who would be retreated.
We went to the National Consciousness of Delatic and we tried to predict what kids would move the most far possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods -- asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the learning results of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job of work?
And who's going to make more money?
In all these very different contexts, it emerged a characteristic as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Determination is passion and performance to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to go to its future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination constants and then wait for over one year to see who they were graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when I took them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Science contest in which the determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children in risk of dropping it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little you know science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a random ethical seat?
How do I keep them motivated for the long place?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I do know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or it's even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mental."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Derek, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not figure, that it can change with effort.
Dr. December has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth mentality is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we need to be willing to fail to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons you learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a chart, one of my most stressed memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign one, it seems to be as unlikely as the Great Wall Christ.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can deal with this music, so what you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant signs, understand the basic idea of the web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are they ready?
They open their mouth as much as you can until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the form of fire is one person with arms on both sides of both sides, as if I was screaming in a fracture of fractal, "Supermarket? I'm shifting -- this symbol is actually original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple doors of a song in the old West.
I call radical to these eight characters.
They're building blocks so they believe many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's going to be standing.
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person will be their arms, this person is saying "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jon inside the whales.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the fields.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idea.  Easy to remember, because a tree is pretty lawyer.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's working.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, pressure.
Three together, those are strikes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. And the sun comes out.
A door. You put a board inside the door, it's the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Touch, have anyone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, starting to expose.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've already spent almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical radios will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the nation.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is in the eastern of China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile -- because Chinese entrepreneurs destroyed their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become to go.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a surface.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Matt of Oz together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variety of it.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of a complex child of childhood faith.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
He didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a couple of years later with a couple of years later with curious, curiously, another film whose protests, a metal boy and a beautiful kid rescued a girl dressed as an enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there is a couple of big differences between the Osoland Sea and all the movies we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Matth Mary.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Oscar magician was done today, the magician would say, Dockel, you're the Oxford salvation as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated military biotechnologies.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Oscar Magic is that the most heroic characters and even villages are women.
I started to notice this when I made the Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
It's three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of superconductor had gotten down.  So he was stopped in the room and he was impressed as a mom legs with his courtyards behind it, and I don't think he understood what happened, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would they be value issues, personality and leader?
Would it have the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1970s Magic Marin.
How do Dorothy win his film.
By making good pictures with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Or not, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital Facebook, force in movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow birds?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this studio.
I know because of the experience that the beginning Lee doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults which is mirror.  I think at the moment of the first baby, I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have non-state.
Why do you keep there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the glass and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and defend the principles of Disney before any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they guys, they are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the pathogen, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pathogenic.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely and lovely like Sergio and Katherins, but they don't stop being films of war.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to appear in classic after a classic after the advantages of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who create a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out Valentine.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when it came out Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them.
Well, almost none of these films passes the Beainder test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's not yet taken roots and already provided, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alzheimer's Bawman is a cartoon drawing, and in the middle 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend on the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be done, in the movie, is there more than a female character than have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else about the kid who so much like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Art.
Right? Outmops of Opera, talk success, a consensus idea of what a Hollywood movie of quality is.
Probably not the test of Berkeley.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the crisis of the redings.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide -- and it's the great moment for one of the artists to take a look at the door and say, "Come to bed, car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female protesters?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this one that is going to determine this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the videos of music or the pornography are closely linked up, but something works, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual drivers.
Who are those guys? What are they learning for?
What do you do not learn?
Are you looking at the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the video with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as to take power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask you, do it have to be able to try and protect them if at the same time, active or passively are educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly parents.
I think we have to show our children a whole new definition of men.
The definition of malaria is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the standard.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars did you know what he responded?
Okay.
Woodant and Global.
What do you have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son, see and struggle only and more stories where you see that his work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people to improve and be better people, like the Osla magic.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered by sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying English, I realized that I would see my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1.3 miles of length next to the Nigeria.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared people.
This is a place located in Eastern Egypt called Benia.
And the place, at the naked view, seems to be brown but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink rock.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called "The Israel, lost for thousands of years.
The story was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fanta, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Steven was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge reveal planet.
This area is enormous, about 6,000 miles for 4.5 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the Subance and as it changed over time, it moved into the east, covered the entire city.
So how do you find a secondary city in an extensive landscape?
I will try to find it at random, it would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a data, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves using baseball gloves in a pathway.
So we use NASA technological data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Niger flows up.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think could be the subject of Subai.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs, you can see it here.
When I say, it's like the ice shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick thick layer, we found a dense layer of color objects.
This means that in this possible location of Subai, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of a number of years of the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period we think is Superman.
We also find work work and strangers and card and cat jobs, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry -- these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Supermark here, but we will go back to place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also do big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Israel 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 D.C.
You make ideas happen actually started in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of sea conditions in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now you can visualize a group of obese news in bicycle.
They are competing in a new bicycle career and they go in direction to their entrance door.
I need you to look at this.
They're blinking strong, they're surrounding, they go a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go on on the side of the wheels that end up in absurd places. They pass the door of the door.
In the lobby, the hallway or what the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light, the light shining on the Congo Montana.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse talking about.
You can feel your blue ball making them closed in the nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell the window of the airplane and you're about to get into the mouth.
They go on the side and go into your living room.
In the room, and making a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Speech.
It's with a little clothes, dancing on his center message, singing Hitchen Me Mount Mountain Mountain."
Now let's go to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick bands, and from the oven, they come to you Downstread, the Man of Harbor, the Spanish and the Long Magic Lady, they grab your hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the Memories Memory Community."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise superconductor.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers, looking at just one time.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize most of the order of a battery battery.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people have to be nature's phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Oh, when you realize you were a sad?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise one.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of you who participate from this competition says they have normal memory.
"We have trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2.5 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize the whole book."
And my reaction was, "Come on. How did I not hear about this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English English -- although a little bit of an exotic, he said, "Journal, you're an American journalist.
Do you know British Speeches?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Specificenness how to memorize the order in a live name in a living, national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Speech, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start with something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why it doesn't work and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Perm. In he was based on the paper of Dusty Honored in the movie "Ranger Man."
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, by measuring phone guides. It was central.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties on the written memory -- something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Angeline and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, discipline and crops was not a thing as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people by this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique memory competition.
It's not really so silent, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that you have brains in some ways, structure or algorithmically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them compared to them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow copies -- found that in memory champions they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They were actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and navigation memory.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The competitive memory tournament is driven as an armed career where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put to the day.
This is my friend Ben Prior, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 drawings of disaster names that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just he died.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 425 random binary dialogs.
Half an hour. Yes.
And as there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call electronic code."
It illustrates with a passionate elegant known as the paradox Balgom." (Audience says the following, I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you to you -- remember there's a man called Baby."
That's his apple.
And then I ask them, remember there's a banker stand."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word I told you about a younger short?
"You remember what it was?
The person he told you that his name is Bank is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told to be a bathroom."
Same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baby, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories.
But the word, "Barbarian -- we know panels.
They use nice white hats.
They have room in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting applied eggs to make them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is 250 years ago in the ancient Greece Greece.
It's known as the memory of memory."
The story says, there was a poet called Simulans that attend a banking.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't bring a DJ: he was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he was marked, and so soon he went out, the banking room came down.
killing them all.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed bodies by leaving them incredible.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not be able to bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simulators, standing outside, only survivor in the middle of the rubble -- closed your eyes, and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting every winter.
I took the family in the hand by taking them where their loved ones were loved between the rubble ones.
What we signed up in that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or words of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and space memory.
If you ask them to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simonal, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse standing in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory paper is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy, depressing, funny and stand-up is the image, more inequality to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties of memory.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk and you want to do it in memory in the same way that you would have done if you invited TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to take some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and incredibly inequality to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Monterey of the Mouse Guilty on Mister E.
And that would remind you they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Specialists to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they talked would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help you remember it.
So this is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them but typical by typical.
In fact, the term therapy comes from the Greek "The Greek: which means "peace."
It's a view of when people thought about the organization and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "for first place: it would be like the first place in his memory paper.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I stood up on that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this culture of competitive memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting with examinations. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massively massively massively.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in your place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school worker bought in a bunch of pulls.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never have expected it to be.
He was entrepreneurial, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is better and more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, crisis, property, insulins, absurd and hopefully in the eye of mind.
And I'm pretty hooked.
This is me, using my training standard team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before I had the idea that I could enter -- in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve of good tolerance for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks. tricks that work.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need to be put to build metal sticks or memorize banks of names, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Big memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory paper -- these memory techniques, they're just bottle.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process, a kind of complete attention that most of us won't be able to exercise over there.
But the reality is, there are no shortcuts.
This is how things are making members.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what E, the ambulance I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who walks on our side, will be so humble that we don't even bother to process in deep?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we will address only a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from No. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Lindai, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a battle that was giving the living room.
And there they all happened the time watching the TV, so every time I was going from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I was going into a towel and I went back into a towel -- everybody looks at me.
And I was like this.
It was total, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that battle, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Let's go.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not a range of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we occupy with.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I promise you, you think of power, statistically and democracy."
And I know that you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disconnect that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build. Urban and governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing -- it has this round thing, columns -- red brick -- that they leave to communicate with this building, the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So, how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the penis.
On one side there is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black -- this is depressed us. You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back to connect with those appealed symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like transportations, so we start experimenting again, we make the pain back back and over and over again -- so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called big call."
It has to do with concrete.
You can guess.
Small windows.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the leg back into the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and update them.
We added each other, and we added passions and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't take a long.
We took Chaptic sharks and we turned them into skyscrapers that can be made of media made of glass.
The shapes were exaggerated, they won in audacity and color.
The sounds became colony.
The spirits grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was 80, that was great.
We all spent the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
Maybe with a bunch of bread.
This is what happens with post-conflict.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories of other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tora.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the press back into the other direction.
In the '80s and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called depression.
We will take the historical symbols -- now we have new design techniques that have been built by computer, and we find new compositions.
This is academic and ambiguit, and it's super impossible. You have totally excluded.
Normally, the pollution player again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the George of Bilbao -- Frank Ghana.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Google said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
New York Times calculated this miraculous construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when the building ended up.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Scatter, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinal.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical things, how do you be able to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was graduated around them, and we quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism in it.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turning.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, country with other stars.
I went to Zach and Billie, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to go through all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
Transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, a plane, you can be tourists.
The technology. You can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before you know if the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The British was not a two-year-old movement. It's 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have any idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we are in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of ants, steel or adaptive, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pain to the media, it starts to grow faster and faster, until it will be in both of the extremes in both of the simultaneous similarity, and it actually has effectively delivered the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
We can now make symbols almost instant, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was coming.
This is the center of a village called Pinstan Pinks in French Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, the building was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media of communication, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols -- we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think of a second in those libraries in Lindos.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We'd be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's movies.
Movements that can lead to the mayor of Lindos, people in Lindos, and tell you that there's no unique answer to what a library is today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing it.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use bright words and complicated drawings -- and you're no longer a developed public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the optical glue of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems that the society faces.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seattle can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are attached to the captures of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, also can serve to make sports or for gentleman, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River of New York, and to raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bank panel, as much as musical and fine as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter if it's a cow or a robot that builds our buildings.
No matter how we build it, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, smarter and more non-level.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're no longer on opposite side.
They find an architect, put it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries where we form our children, and the step of the dollar to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Star.
I just turned one year and he started walking.
And it does it that great way, typical of the children of a year, taking off, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reform.
He gets laughed and his chicken, and it gives himself these big, wet kisses itself.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think, when do I stop doing this?
How is it that we suddenly aren't like our application?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google, "Am I faith?
This is Faiza, it's 13 years old and lives in Development.
And as any teenager -- it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
He's got a little scary. It's a little confused because, although his mom tells him all the time that it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or the partners of the school said, he doesn't know who to believe.
So he does a video of her itself, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I faith?
Well, so far, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so definitely, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correlated, which receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing video like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is driving them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking about, sharing, saying, "I like to start, sharing, publishing it, this is never done.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected to our children to address based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated by it.
What is the most detailed in someone in front of what it's normal in a daily context.
And where are they looking for the inspiration.
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the girls of the girls.
Zero models continue to dominate our spirals.
The tech technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, separation, skeptically, biochemically and open.
For those who unknown, orangu means nano-mating.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarkets of the sports and the honest singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capability, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and how you contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid participating in the classroom arguments, because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not paying classes at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your fellow partners who don't worry about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it goes regardless of what these young people actually weigh for.
So to be pretty clear, we're talking about how you see you -- not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also driving health.
The absorbed teenage teenagers do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more no healthy diet than they can take them to food destroy.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's because of all of this for what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and devouraging harm.
The perfect body search is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have a surprise again, regardless of whether or not have higher rates of answer.
17 percent of women are not presented to a work interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
releasing this potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in its own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs are well-intentioned without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow is not only going to have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are kind of crucial party points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem.
An education is fundamental -- but facing this problem requires each of us to take the reductions in the matter and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the emergence of our politicians in the size of the hair or the size of their chest, or to insist that determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as you see.
We can all start by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time they were kissing a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, like governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up to value all of their people, value individuals, diversity, inclusion it.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a peripheral.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them all that go out in the big screen, because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think you see them never gets them to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
To his wife.
Is he sister?
Do her daughter do?
Is his short short? Is it his friend?
It could simply be the woman who is about two seats of distance. What would it mean for her if it was released from that authoritarian voice in his interior, which is attributed to not having long legs, more thin mountains, a more flat flower, feet smaller?
What would it mean for her if we knew this and we would say reduced its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is getting us together.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show you the way you see that the way you see is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we worked together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small travelers of a year of today, they become safe agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth No walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Karanner army, the leader of Defense Design League leader.
To Nickel initially they declared it, but being printed by other lower charges, in company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synapses and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans frustrated by an FBI informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1983 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later Now News would be convicted by his participation in that approach.
Shittlenger News is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, primary school teacher -- between the two did everything that was happy to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few even even most Muslims come to know.
By the experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in all human group, there is always a little fraction of people who mate so precisely to their conversations that you think you have to use all the possible media for everybody lived like them.
A few months before the arrest he felt with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Carrilla point that without knowing our group, I was visited by the FBI.
When I got to throw me, my father helped me hold the record in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I gave to the little orange light on the goal and to surprise all of us, especially me, the whole goal in flames.
My uncle went back to the others and Arabic, he said "Oh "Battle army."
From such a father, such son.
The whole comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting an arrangement with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and gave another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "merit: which means no.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody already was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class often was a victim of males.
They were looking at secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and report, was enough monitoring.
So most of the time I was at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it survival -- to grow under fantasy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open my eyes?
One of the first experiences that put to my thinking was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a representative program that I participated at the National Convention June, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the theme of juvenile violence -- as I had been victim victim almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, at the end of the convention I found out that one of the kids who had done friendship -- it was Jewish.
I took several days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly, I was very proud of having been able to sell the barrier that all life had been made to believe that I was infrastructure.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a distribution park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures. That experience turned out fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and by extension, all the humors were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been accused of a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I wish to be treated.
So for that feeling I could find the stereotypes that had taught me a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be human but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dania Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest about my intelligence, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a time when I was desperately necessary.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected. And that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something I would believe in my heart forever, as he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with understandable dominant and said, "I'm tired of hard."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hate inside your inside.
My real name is not Zaive Ebola.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone -- some day, who is trying to take the violence, you can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was convicted to this violent and unique ideology -- I didn't get to make it fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against predictions.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak against those acts without meaning, like rejection to my father's actions.
And with this simple I'm exposed to here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there is a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multimedia movie.
It's in 3D, and it has underground sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has abandon, taste and texture.
He feels your body, your pain, your shoulder, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your awareness flow, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing that we know more directly.
At least, I know I have an own consciousness.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films.
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie interface?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective.
The consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost every 20th century, I would predict that vision.
psychology was studying obviously behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penn said, "Now it's time for science to address consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanting was a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of corrections.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas are doing and what they correlate about.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't deal with the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness in the brain.
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the embarrassing, like the humanities, like the life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical erasides are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embarrassing works, how the humanities work, how they reproduce them, they adapt and metabolize the living organisms, all of them are questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk on, how we talk to you, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem is, why is it that everything behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the recording, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the autonomous self-design that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to conclude that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we set up at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know how we still do.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennedy, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or conflict.
And actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions of the brain, the behaviors of the brain, and this is how everything needs to be exploring.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reduction consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denied the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promises.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental landscapes, space, time and mass.
They pay fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything.
On the contrary, they're considered fundamental and that's where the world is constructed.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental goes up.
In the 19th century, Machine discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of presidential, space, time, mass laws -- so I put the basic laws of electricity, and put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, presidential ideas, space time, mass time, and then for a matter of logic, you have to fold the list.
The most natural thing would be paying consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the path to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts, space, time, mass processes -- physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can study them in a remove.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can study them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called a prostitution, "Pause for everyone, persistent by mind, every single human system, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies -- even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think "Oh, I always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rocks."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw sense, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy.
How do anyone think something so crazy?
It comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it is much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind looks more like a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking about the physical process, is linking awareness with information.
There are always information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex processing processing as a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillia Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called pill, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of pill, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration, as significant as a pretty significant degree of consciousness.
But when you get to the mammals, microbes, particles, the degree of the pillar dependent.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Turkey theory, there will still be a different level of awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of consciousness, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that printing can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
Physics and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire come from?
From the patient vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it into the equations.
In that vision, consciousness doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, patient vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be implemental.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be a vegetarian.
If you're a panicky and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that we think of it well, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Arabic intelligence system in the film Helium film?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of pathological information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get very serious ethical problems on the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of them.
Finally, you can ask for the full collective consciousness of the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience on a TED Talk, at this moment we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this pathological vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental than the second is universal.
Vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Virginia.
I had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I was stuck with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't actually get anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's polymer, and I spent a lot of time watching the Sergio Season and Damas Creek."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mellon, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class 11 of the legal studies a guy raised her hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discussion?
I said, "What discusses?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair wheelchair talk about institutional things in school?
"For the general, in the stock room.
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiring objects.
And we are not. And it's not the blame of the guy, it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you specifically.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, you have sold us the lie that disability is something Mala, At the capital of me mass.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make it extraordinary.
And in the last few years, we've been able to provide this lie through social media.
You might have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuses is inventor. In effect.
Or this other one: "Before I leave you, go on to improve?
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the children with no hands drawing with a pencil suspended by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with orthopedic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term delivered delivery, because they get a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we are taking care of the definition of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, very bad my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been weird to me to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is concentrating.
These images, those images are taking people with disability in benefit from people without disability.
They're there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things we know are not the things that you can think of.
They're not related to our bodies.
I use the term "personalized people, deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disability because of the society that we live in our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to focus on the way we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a sense of inspiration that tells you as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptions.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here buried the inspiration and you think, "My God, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barrier pieces to collect the things that are falling me.  I learned the infinite trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that expanded and costs us.
I really think that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad activist: the reason that that's lie is that it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a ladder of stairs has never done that it becomes a rape.
Never.   Smekeur before a television screen will not make it appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and writing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the bird.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bush The Vietnam Vietnamese is not considered not to deserve anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a kid at 11 degree in a high school of Melinda is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
The disability doesn't make us remarkable, but to question what you think to know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a colony without charge?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't designer.
When people think about augmented reality, think about Minister Republican and Christmas Crossing by sending hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to reality?
The first step, this is what I carry puzzle: Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game camp to 160 miles hour, blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a man from 110 pounds persists us, trying to tell us with all their being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not the images of the NGOs of NGOs, because the idea of the emerging technology of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kle: Come on.
It's horrible to be talking.
A moment. Let's take a little bit.
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Kle: As you can see, it's a product of what is being labeled in the football field from the passion perspective.
You may have realized that they lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Field Marine, mice. (Casset "Bay Rangers."
Blue eight, Blue 8. Go!
Chris Kevakes: This is a little bit more of the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in NGO.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and you've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field marine mass.
Or a rock?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get away from fill? How do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Octobers Rice, which probably many of you know.
The Richard Richard has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we get a video of Arthur Peter crossing the line, getting from a talent with the arm before you run and make an antibiotic? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Messania running through the cancer, throwing the bullet on the bottom of the network? Or will you forget doing a paradox in Wikipedia?
What will its experience will be when it descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles miles like an Olympic screwler?
Maybe they increase the patent sales for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.
How do we achieve augmented reality, Rook?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the monkeys and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it for gainet?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about the technology in NGO.
In 1965, the Battle Potter put a performance to their field marine to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NGOs put radio radio radio in the cards of the fields and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entrepreneurs.
In 2003, imagine that they are a player going back to your group and you see his next player show in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you wear -- you won't have to worry about forget a game.
I heard the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parallels, and they hate losing parasites.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a management of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the heads of the helmet and the slaves, something that's already working already.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send it.
The bad guys will have information.
This will make good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your reflections, and data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would have imagined it.
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field marital.
You get the bullet and back.
You look for an open receptor -- suddenly a blade on the left part of your bombsight tells you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, usually you won't see it, but the RS system gives you.
You move forward to the protection.
Another failure tells you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the bank, but they melt you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your bombsight a grass area that lights up and can modify the race.
It goes down, attacked the bullet and runs and store.
The public accomplished and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'm going to make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and concrete, like our underlying entrance?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lists.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how the hell are their actions from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia.
How much is it worth for a Communicate Handel or a Neil Derekal Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than terms and Katrina notions?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges we face, depends on, as usual, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired it after 23 years of service at the China National Happy.
Most of those 23 years I spent them by painting the southern end of Maria County, which includes the Golden Gates bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and his architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Streets, engineering boss of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically to suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is no practical nor probably."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such as the fall from he releases all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a quarter of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones -- some of which are going to drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't normally go into the industrial water, and then they get slowly.
I don't think that the ones who are contemplating this method of suicide are aware of the death market that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are going to get their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at the darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year, while this young man was talking to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had that day to bring it back on the battery.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contrast suicide, but the officials as well.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials today.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 of last year to get a call from a substantial subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gates bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, he had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try to hold suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology. Zeroivers created Panis, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panis, and she opened the box.
Out of it they came out, players, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
And he stopped a few trials, leaned on the right, and it left.
This wild and intelligent boy in New Jersey just removed life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Japanese parents had asked him.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of the suit?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, I don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, cultures, or tell the person you know how to feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of influence you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have fear to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is: Others in similar circumstances have thought about raising their life. Have you had these thoughts?
The person in front of it can save the life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look, despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve it, impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it is his permission and beauty that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insectional, but I notice more moments of realizing that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Petri to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Peter police and repeated it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house, and I was reported that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to 1850s in the afternoon of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong with a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with with your struggle.
The GPS, the Golden Gallery Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the steel of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my motorcycle over the sidewalk, and I watched this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the battery, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next time and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided to decide that day will come back on that lane and give it another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, it's happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did you make you go back and give the hope and the other chance of chance?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You heard me."
Let me talk and just listen to me.
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Britain, nothing to erase the events on March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
I think Kevin was climbing by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medical.
I took Kevin to Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all of those heart traits but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
So in debt with you, Narrator Berlin."
And at the end she wrote, PD. When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you were signing as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it.
Today, Kevin is a loving and active father of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story inspired others.
Surgeon is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing your own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt another person.
They just want their own pain over.
Usually this is done only in three ways -- sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and side calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final paper, I looked at me, and he said, "Redoir," I feel sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped up.
Horror, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge is not superconducture.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and they can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said to the second that they leave off the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connects Mary with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that each and every one of us should strive to do.
The suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had gotten the dream that I had had since a child.
My outside finally met with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complex reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer to later, when I look at this picture I think, you get it -- you get it, you get it, you get it.
But the Past October, I discovered that, I'm just beginning to go.
All of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to release -- to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those who surround us.
They're people who always challenge the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignore my story.
I think this email is called revealing.
This is mine.
I was registered as a child when I was born because of my genital appearance.
I remember my five years in Las Philippines, my house, I always wore this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to get up.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious thing.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be what I'm bad at, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate it.
Every day I appreciate being female.
I have my mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the died.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries in the way.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw man, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transitional beauty.
That night she said, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty concept?
He told me that if I participated she was going to get rid of the inspiration and the spiral spending and the nest, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, and he got a third line between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beauty of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the debate of the descriptions, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines of the Philips.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, and I was called, and he told me that they were embracing my application of the green card that could go to live the United States.
I was resisted.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen too."
But then, two weeks later, I was called, and he said, "You know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I put two and my name to me.
She also accompanied me when I operate in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do more prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At the time in the U.S., it was necessary to do surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license. The Gene of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or can get a break, but for me it was the license to live in order to feel digital.
Suddenly my fears were minimationically.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman of Human News.
A young woman in New York who was mostly living his truth, but he was willing to end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we do a global surveillance by the Democratic Day of the Trendon.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Maria P. Johnson and Sylvia Visalem.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame or fear.
I'm here, exploding to me, so that some day there is no more viruses in November 20.
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
gene Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you to all my benefits.
To my parents' network, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been attending young women who have astemated, who I've ordered, and sometimes when I was called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I took my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it works, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a bond at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that kind of seat notion, and that there should be a space that allowed people to apply people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transition movement is insisting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you're all my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents generally are known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known to her daughter and I'm proud of it.
Maldives started his campaign by education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were made in 2011, when he gave her the National Prize June of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice -- inequality, violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when you build a child, his birth is not celebrating it.
It's not benefit, not for your father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one's happy to the father.
And a mother gets a lot to have a child.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it gets together, and with the hope of a child, when she runs his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when it grows up, as well.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school attached to his sisters.
Until age 12, in some ways, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when he comes into the teenager, when it comes to 13 years, he is banned to get out of his house without a male accent.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if it comes to the code of that honor honest, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this course of honor code, not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificed the joy of his life and the happiness of their sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's one more norm of the patriarchal societies that is called obesity.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very collective, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silence and it accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the old, even if it doesn't want.
If you marry a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be the deck of destruction.
If you get very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destruction.
And what happens at the end.
In the words of a position: "The home, they laugh, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he included the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malaurt was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborn borders, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored to me.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawa from Marien, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, all of them were men, and I grabbed my feather, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malaria.
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old in my school.
You will ask, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can put it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for the life of girls.
To be able to be in a school means recognition of their identity and their name.
An admissions to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was clearing the Canadian eye form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the stands of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I never saw my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence.
I was willing to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to convey them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawa.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for the empire.
I taught my daughters, teaching students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the single single disease.
They wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the taxibalia.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use salvations, and they stopped going to the markets.
The musicians were silent, the weight girls and the sentences killed.
They were suffering millions, but a few spoke -- and it was terrifying to be around those people who kill and clap when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
When I was 10 years old, Maldives got up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times, and he spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a climate around the world.
And that was why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine of October 2012, they were shot in the head.
It was a familiar day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was depositing between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife, "Should I blame what happened to my daughter, your daughter down?
And it was incredibly said, "Please don't blame you.
It defines the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter inspired in you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protecting it."
These words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask myself again.
When Maldives was in the hospital and he had severe pain pains and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that stretches through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I am well with my smile, and with the rise in my face.
I'll put me right. Please don't worry.
It was a competition for us, and we got it.
They wanted brothers and sisters and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when he didn't end up his task.
You fight his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has made so bold to Malawa so brave and expressive and excited?
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was working on the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Montana Group of Google, where I have had a divide to my charges, the visualization of Google X vision, but all the work I talk to you today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you hold a brain operation.
Are you still as smart as intelligent or not?
Of course, you could be smart.
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to continue with life.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get optimal doses because there really doesn't have a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses were dramatically changed my automotive, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried a typical dose and chemicals for a man of Venice, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always lucky, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person all over the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types of things like this, or maybe some of the seasonal versions of the past.
It turned out to be a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a right.
In fact, I was trying to be a little bit insecure, fix a problem that had on the front, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
It changed my gods.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do. When you adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so forth, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thought, my idea of ideas.
So I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key point of reality, how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototype, my ideas, if you want to do it, and testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophers like Humble, Descartes and Hongs look at things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who do this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. For me it's simple: for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creating and invention.
So after several years, I get to find the right point and I have lots of great mental men, really video, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental imagery of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination just to go to the world that has the front of the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can be able to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments made by two recent groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, picture of functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan made by George Gandhian and his College colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person looking at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you can imagine, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created by holding the center of the central column on the left of the left. It looks like the difference is almost natural.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same image is almost natural.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from Jack Galla in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn brain waves into the visible visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube while they were scanning their brains to create a great brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan decided to show what seemed the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the developments of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us shot.
We're close to achieving it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see a picture and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This took place with the largest resolution systems available today, and its resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening up the skull and introducing electrodes to it.
I don't offer that.
Many of them are proposing new techniques of projection by images, including me, counting with the recent result of MRI -- we have to ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in resilience of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding and decoration rates and FM frequency receptors in MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing process, we can increase the information that you can extract in one scale.
In addition, we can then split our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the fluid of blood blood, but the of the hormones and neutrons that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capable?
How do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices to open up this door.
Anyway, you choose a year, in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have a cartoon.
His closet may be to tell some person for the first time that love or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell somebody who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have moved through in life.
All cartoons is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously. The experience of having lived and getting out of that closet is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Wall Wall Walker, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages from the intensity of the "I transported "the "I am not going to go through my alles, to quote the letters of the Einstein Death Dia as a literature.
And I'm going to be aware that by the supermarket of my short painting, and I had passed my head a little bit, I would ask me a little kid, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would be an awkward silence on the table.
I would put my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rainforest leave.
The father would immediately hurt the newspaper, and the mother would release a cold, look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and hurt inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised the next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had Betty Friedman quote.
The dates of Global Stephen.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I would breathe up and I put my eyes and I went down a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist drug, just a girl with a question: "Are you a kid or a girl?
So I would breathe back to me again, and I got out of clocks near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confidence.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than a little bit more than a comfortable pill."
And that girl looked at me, and he looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a pan, please?
And that was it. It's just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the panel I would go?
It was the easiest conversation of everybody else ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the panel and I, both of us were honest with the other.
As many of us, I've lived in some shadows in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an article.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels living in a shadow.
That's how my closet is not different than yours or your yours or you.
I will give you 100 reasons why I'm going to get out of my closet was harder than coming out of the one, but this is the thing: The hard is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can say to explain to somebody who has declared to you in broken bank is more difficult than saying that it's been the short?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than to tell your five years to tell you to diverse you?"
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the difficult thing.
We need to stop classifying what is hard to do to what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our shadows, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in sharks, and they can make sense, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and high story shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four years to go into the coffee.
I was frozen in the fear of the fear of my dark shadow pushing my gay grandmother, and the movement only one muscle is the most scary thing ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strange with whom I've spent my entire life trying to not tell them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable graduates was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that a lot of people knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and the cards walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents' friends, people who met me years ago.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women scream -- I love Nathan Langel."
And the gay spider battle had begun.
"Hey, were you ever in the Case?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Oh, you know my Antarctica statistics?
It's very good and never talked about having a good."
"Hey, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Greek.
And you know who we love us? Japan.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discussed but in wait for demonstrating his support, to get me to know that I was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shared."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the launches of graph.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt like they were benefit.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were entranched.
And what else can you ask somebody, but to start?
If you're going to be authentic.
That's how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pantheon of Penguin.
Now, please look through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to come out of any shadow is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the army off. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee didn't have a radio, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be general, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just give it. Just give him your papers.
If you know you're gay, give it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out safe wounds -- discuss for what they've done, but never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not about you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dramatic purpose in a grandmother, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boston. Enjoy the cold.
Interestingly, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Edge December that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a sub-Saharan can not swim."
When Education Decentage wrote this as a critic to the pioneers of the computer as Alan Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which doesn't have any concept about the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain moment in time, the asteroids that make the surface of a planet, they stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that they were looking at a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness robots of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together -- I said, from a number of years, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to an Y to the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're looking at here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the choices open, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future possible future -- yeah, until an impending time in a future time.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay off.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Is the level of human intelligence.
Is artificial intelligence predicted?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that universes who produce more destroyer, or entropy, during their life should have more favorable conditions to the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that critical connection between entropy and intelligence is inspired a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated to the long-term entropy production, but actually comes straight from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called International, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system in which it finds inside.
Amazingly, it was interface to spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even winning money by eating action, all of that would not have been encouraged to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just as a human foot human, here we see Ittle-the-street entropy automatically using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave the Internet a goal.
He just decided for his account to balance the position.
This equilibrium skill will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This capacity of tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate pulling away from a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that International can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Interviewer is widely applicable to a variety of dominant.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game against itself, including its potential for play.
So here we see Anthropologist originated new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and still successfully connected the network.
This same network of network coordination also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
So here we see Ittle-the-street originally organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world level from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, International is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entropy specifically discover and execute a burn strategy -- soldier in a simulated series of action negotiation -- especially increasing assets under its explosion exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Shakespeare) What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors like the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them are derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
Let's go back at the beginning of the rest of the robot, the "Trade work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion relationship.
Machines will be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that the machines are going to become smart and then mobile and try to learn the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
And often they ask me, "How is it that looking for targets are starting from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to help the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the consciousness of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the limited intensity of stars when planets go through them, and blocking a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler show the size of the planets besides the distance between them and their mother star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this terrorist of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is going down under the weight of humanity.
2015 was the most warm record.
Males and sea ice that have been with us for millions now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, nor astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say it looks for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone very interested in search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets look like the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the whole planet discovered and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little further away from the sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our routes like the "Harborn track their surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MRI mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the chance of living on Mars.
But despite all these impressive images remind us the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the cutting-edge ideas and pinges, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet who still have to colonize -- really extracting places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry, most electronic places on Earth, the air is fresh and strike of oxygen extended by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets I have to do with a big and sad planets, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this influence of the only planet that we know is really resilient, the Earth.
And so I like the international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the Title of truth will have place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for international exploration and land preservation are not controlled.
No, they're actually faces of the same condition: the goal to understand, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments are present in our world as extraterrestrial panels.
Just be closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and the installation zone, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Ferror paradox.
A lot of years ago, the European physicist asked the question that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Feynman paradox is that when civilizations become technically advanced enough to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect the origin of the planets that they put into this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the international pollution will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to join the hostile environments from Mars to the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I used my own house.
And as I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open up all the other doors and windows and all of them were good closed.
I thought about calling a cracker, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a crack could take a long time to get there, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I witnessed my passport.
It would be expensive, but it's sure that no more expensive than a crack in the middle of a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went right away.
I'm a career neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases coral retirement that increases heart rate, model levels of adrenaline and cloud thinking.
And when I got to the manufacturing show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that they prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts were not critically.
I was dealing with my colleague Danny Kanzi, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him that I broke the window, and, that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that had been practicing something called prospective representation.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years before, known as the press as well.
They all know what the paradox is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the principle, as Danny explains Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all of the things that could go wrong, and then try to figure out what can do to prevent things to prevent things or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will define a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory.
There is a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, where the fundamental trees live, where the friends and friends are living in.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is being used in the London tasks.
It's the part of the brain that allows the riding to find their nuts.
And if someone really did the experiment, they cut the wild sense of the streams and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing cars from the car, reading and passport.
So at home they get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular metric.
If you get a place and they're structures with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about the journeys?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, lead to drive, go through it to mail itself so they are in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can make the institution facilitate.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases Cortum.
Cortumping is toxic and interface the thinking.
So part of the main practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems into its site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is raised as a program for all of it takes medical decisions, and in fact to make financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high.
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to the heart, spill the brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help reduce the color, a station."
And maybe you have heard about status, and you know it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today. It's probably likely to meet people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, recognize the station."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistics that is supposed to be asked from which most physicians don't want to speak, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NNA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical process before you help a person.
And you should think about what kind of strangely serious statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't give me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor, and if it is somebody else's fault.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the George estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recycled state, what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 dollars.
This is according to the research of cynical researchers Jerry Gracence and Pame Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloom.
I do explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, spill brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 to lower my color.
Why not not, doctor, give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask you for a more statistics, and it is, "Hello me from side effects -- right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: denial pain pain and articulate pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress you don't think of clarity.
So think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the chain chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that you can help your drug help you.
I don't say they should or won't take the status.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, is part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this need to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that is done in the top of the 1950s, the spread of the cancer prostate -- the number required to treat is 49.9.
So 49 surgeries per person who has helped me.
And the side effects in that case, they produce 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impose or distribution of free disability, urban intelligence, neural legislation, fecal intelligence.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will just last year or two.
So the idea of premise is to think of before time the questions that you can tell you to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases coral under stress, and one of the things that happens at the time is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
face-to-face with a predator -- it's not necessary the digestive system, or the light or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapidly, you might be the lunch of lions so that none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that is going through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kanzi and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is to recognize that we are all defense.
We are all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures to put the systems into the place that will help minimize the damage or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
Religing at night in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination along the door, with a keys of the door door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pink, "Yeah, it's my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing superintendent.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a park in the party, you need to play more superintendent.
Two pounds, even more sound.
Four pound, extremely smooth source.
This is my drawing of a tree tree, there you see that no matter how many thousand and thousands of feet can be, you will never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ALS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came in during the 1800s, and over time time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as ALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I was living in a foreign country, following its rules, computers, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my dropless and amazing sound.
And I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't reduce the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat a point of paper papers."
"Don't grow, and when you're eating, it will make sure you're not cutting the covers on the dish."
This is all called sound stack."
Maybe I think about the sound label more than the average person does.
I'm super surprising of sound.
And I'm always waiting for nervous the sound, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding.
TEDTalk, to keep going.
TBP: I would announce to announce it.
You can see that the penguin doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle and sharp boats.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Pickysi Pantrain."
A typical pentagonia has five lines.
However, to me, to do the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, sound was the trend and that called me attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now sound has entered my art territory now.
Is it going to distance more than the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through ears.
I can feel that talented, or experience it visually or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and figure out.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was oblivious -- it was a little bit of a hope person.
And sound is so powerful that I could be able to tell me and my artistic work, or I could be advertised.
I chose I would be expressing me.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people that can support me in the same way and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interviews from ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask for their voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't keep this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forgotten and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and the ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot be able to capture and express in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very space and highly modeled what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the signs as much as the sounds like sound.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor to understand better how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ALS is divided into many different graphic parameters.
If you take a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the form of hand and so as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if it would just take a keyboard at once.
However, the ALS is more like a cord, you need 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or an ALS concept.
If just a keyboard would change the air, it would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and temple and volume.
In ASA, by using these different grammar parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is in that."
This is the signal "standing in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was carried.
Oh, oh.
What are you looking for?
Oh, right?
So I started thinking, and if I look at the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the signal of day, sun comes out and put it up.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say from all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of night, night, "Dead night --  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one -- it's a hand, two houses. It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So, the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "I happened "I have about "a and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, and there was once.
Common Time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by company.
However, when I look at the word time." I think automatically at "all time."
Look at MIT: I mean, right, like, left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
(Music: Museum, filter campaign -- "The chest: E. The film, I am going to show you a form of the hand called "the falling "trade."
Can you do it with me?
Everyone with your hands at high.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the chest, something like common time."
Yes, very good.
That means "I love the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one that I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "clicking in the ALS.
Now, the third one. Please take me back again.
And again.
It's "Indian in the ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Look, "clicking and "Indian" and "Indian."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and shot, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very alternative world.
And only because the NSA has no sounds, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allow the ASP to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that we don't have to be deaf to learn ALS, not that you have to hear to learn music.
The ALS is a richer rich and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall out of us.
Thank you.
Denning Kallinsah, Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can send it everything, but then you have to wipe it."
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence, or a bubble of ignorance I should say, because adults lie us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also supporting and that they're not really good to clean the ones from others.
The time happened now, I'm an adult and a citizen teaching at the Harvard School of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage stories.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a small thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these great bushes and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this mass of work with all the undermined kids to be able to participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it as we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits of plastic, we would only collect information.
By using a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited about the robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform light and web cameras in carbon and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly by water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an appropriate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step in a website in a website called "Beautifully," with the hope that someone else best even further.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they come up with the Internet, and they were played with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill -- only using hands, in Sundays, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water where they break, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown and mud and oil also are brown color, and when everything is mixed up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spiritual, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can feed through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We ran this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a distance problem, and I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a half Japanese and a half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they trigger several giant waves called testosterone, and those techniques destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives you the nuclear energy plant from Fukushi, a nuclear central center near water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has arrangements of pollution by 1973.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fukushi radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of them, of course, is a safe thing, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fukushima every year from the accident and I research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we report the control center, here you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radioactive all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies and the immersion, etc.
And to do this, we created a reduction map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the electricity map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radio, and we rock water to simulate rain.
So with this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the Arab system and destroying in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We get closer to 1.5 miles from nuclear Central Center, and with the help of the areas of the area, we were collecting seasons of sea milk with a sense of sediment as we invented and built.
Here's a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder whether we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became so small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little biology of biology, and basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually become reality, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: Accenture. Accessible."
Texting Harvard: We asked things like, we can invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair wheelchair in new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactive are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, create, cords, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cases, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk side.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is implanted on the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Michael angel said that when he looked at the marge in the brutality, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The Lincoln was only a unique Michael tool.
But the living is not civilized.
They grow up.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we bring all the information required it for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing and production rates.
The assembly lines have determined a world made out of parts, looking at the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as a discovery of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find the exhibitions of home material in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin with dishes chaired.
The skin skin skins are more thick with little parts.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no lungs.
It's a system that is gradually worth its functionality through the variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work currently between the Lincoln and gene between machine, and the gene, between the assembly and growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens behind me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, leaving the assembly and accelerating growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where four disciplines that offer designers access to tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large-scale army, like this robotic arm with a vaccinative base of 25 feet diameter with a vaccinative base that someday not far far away to print entire buildings, and graphs to nanoscale making genetically modified microbes that shine in the dark.
So here we have revealed the chair, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and he has created a screen where each open is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion device in Paris with Ire Van Herbie. It's like a second skin made from a single piece on the contacts, flexible in the contrast.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and false 3D fall between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution.
That designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural and community classroom, and also absorb sound.
Professor Carbon, my collaborator came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this intersection pattern, it becomes sustainable.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary region, opportunity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another stability, but vary continuously and dramatically the material property.
But is it the ideal nature.
Is there any parts in nature?
I didn't raised me in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she was stored, "In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit translated tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit fruit.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees to grow trees with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often wonder, "What would design be if objects were made from a single piece.
Will we come back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and we find it.
The second most abundant library on the planet is called the paradox, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scarses and butterflies and massive.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multi-touch structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal market.  We asked a lot of catches of shrimp, and we moved them up and produced shoes of character.
Variant chemicals have been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple massive controlled substantials of constructive.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form in contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical organisms that first first appeared on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without search problems, and if you go even more, to windows.
A fruit tree is charged by fruit trees.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp catches in an architecture that behaves as a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade. You put in the sea, they will feed marine life, and put it on the ground, help grow a tree.
The burden for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the international travel.
To do that, we should dominate the bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic board, we did our own element of elements: new forms of life created complexity, made in additive form and increased by biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the alternative light, just rather than transforming precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called machine.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microbes.
The first is cybercriminal.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater stores.
And the second one, E. color, the bacteria that are in the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels.
But these two organisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and get their way into their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, vary the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we had more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system is going to be striking from one end to another, it adds 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as an assignment at TED, our first portable photography, cardiovascular liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shex said, "We are creatures past fashion -- only half is done.
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter.
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin -- they would repair the damaged tissue and support our bodies.
Think of this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, it always has to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up. It adds to sophistication.
This capture of the worm for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which is metabolized.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different focus.
An act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first sits in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to filter a collection of compression.
Tension and engagement, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the line.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of the silk worm of the silk gun.
However, when you put silk worm in a flat patch -- not within a box, we realized that it divers a flat cocoon and still metabolic self-interest.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding and we've discovered that the way, the composition, the structure of the cocoon is directly transmitted by the environment.
You often keep the silk worms to death inside their cards, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single crash.
We would be more completely metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we looked at this process to architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put us on our site.
We knew that silk silk worms are going to more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or airports, to block the rays of light and heat and distributing silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the oranges.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk farm farm online.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to fight with us.
We put them carefully in the lower edge of the sense, and as they had the hallucination, they were crashing, they were standing up, they put eggs and the life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and I was right.
The Dutch silk biological silk on the hydrogen silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms have 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
Polites, after the electronics, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full empty arm.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, the designers must join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back around, of course, at the beginning.
So here is a new design era -- a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands us, for the first time, that we make charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Number three. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be more?
They've caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more as a great?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the materials and the art and developed websites, and he played the guitar in a public gang called Telecommunical Telecommunicate.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general, I like to test and persist all of the ways, so I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of burning, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in another thing, totally different things, and I got involved in it, and I'm going to let me absorb and feel "Yes! And then again this point where I start to break up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all my other passions and refuse to break up.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me not defined for anything.
I worry to have fear to engagement, or to be stopped, or or obsessive or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have asked you then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We ask ourselves, "What do you want to be more?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is, nobody cares about what you answer at that age.
It's considered an naive question to produce cute answers in children like, "Be an astronauthbergy, or be "basis," or "I want to be parallel."
They insert the Hall here.
So this question is done to us again and again as we grow up in different forms -- yes, high school students are asking them to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what we dream about.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite -- because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults are pretty intentional and say, "Oh, what's cute, but you can't be craftsmen of violence and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles -- and he's a victim of violence and psychiatric.
And this Amy Name, it was a magazine editor in a model, companies, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real calling. The idea that each of us has something to be able to spend for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that will take their curiosity and lots of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a molecular.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a little bit of a cooking.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a predator, reflective.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shell refers to us as "species."
They use any term you like or invent one of them.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptive to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the molecular as a limitation or the application that you have to see.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be this way.
There are three multi-touch supercomputers.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
This is Shakespeare Hankel and Rachel bin expressed their shared interests in charity, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, when Muslim was founding Mexica.
Mexican is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
She and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its electric mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in interactions.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiplies, with all their ancestors, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be beginning, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transformative to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we perform, so we rarely start from zero.
Norway Don is a full-time journey and written writer.
As a pianist girl, you perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest metaphor known.
Before I became a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the mechanics of the most final sales when he started his practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launch.
It's rarely a waste of time to dedicate what you get to you, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third molecular superpower is adaptive. It's the ability to transform anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abed Carlos is sometimes director of video videos, others, sometimes constant pages of Kikispacta, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fash magazine Defense defines adaptive as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and precisely that they are the individuals and organizations that can put to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that will actually thrive.
And the ideas of ideas, rapid learning and adaptation, three skills where the crowds are very human, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiple problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialists and a mapper mold.
So the specialists can dive deep and put in a practice of ideas, and the crowd offers an amazing of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are around the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the multiple people are encouraged to simply be more like their specialists specifically.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you get from this talk, I hope it's this: recognizing with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you're a heart of heart, then especially for all the media.
That's where you get the best one.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognize with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity by those bombsight bombs.
They explore the interactions.
Addressing our inner cable leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplexies, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1900, a woman named Austin took her to a psychiatric in Freedom.
He was delivered and he couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alex.
I didn't know how to help Australia, but I was wandering through it, until unfortunately, he passed in 1965.
After his death, Alex did a freeway, and they found strange plates and bluefines in the Australian brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If August had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Albertos gave him a dozen years ago.
Alls was Dr. Alls Alzheimer's Army.
And Al Detail, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV -- state stations and much more.
But it's been made up in the Albert treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, to include many of you.
If you wait to live until 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's being almost one of two two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
Just in America, the Alzheimer's care costs 200,000 dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and their costs yield an increase of five times in 2050, as it aging the generation of the baby boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the largest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to combat it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one that cannot be preventing or cure or even released its development.
We understand less about Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the cancer research.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should say, "Are Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years, all the scientists, they confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be meaningful in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with the Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to described a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduced security and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the Australian brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are passive.
And when it folds up, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules play each other, forming groups that can form big plates and eggs.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like determination a bomb.
Correction could do anything.
Correction can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, in its most part, they have been reduced and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that planted specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when they tested these drugs in worms of guards.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick with each other inside them, like in humans.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they sound and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 120 years of wait, there is really hope of what can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow up that hope, to sell the Alzheimer's airplane, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince the Alzheimer's is a disease and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move into the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
We see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too defined to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help me talk about them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times Museum of New York Times, in January of this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing it myself a night last night.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are terrified to ask 36 more and more personal questions and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time I cried to another person?
And just alone?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, this really like -- I just like -- Tell your partner what you get out of him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me attention, the report that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but certainly I was interested.
And when I had the option to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall up.
However, we fell in love and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's Alexander, so I guess some of you probably wonder, are you still still?
And the reason I think this is because I've already done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times will have probably a few thousand views.
And that made a good attention of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published online a Friday night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday -- I've already called me the Tod Show and the Google Moons America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with some of the amazing experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always asked the same question: They still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for the brush of my email with the phrase, "Do they still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and of corals like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman shout up to the stage, "Hey, Manhattan Man is your non-zero?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the reverse of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have broken life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study on them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public appearance together.
I collected television interviews, and remembers the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the investors of the engineering process -- a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works, whether it was able to produce a waste love, not just an adventure, but real love, love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt about everything, that people would pose the wrong question.
How do you know if we were going to go together or not, and also tell you about it?
If the answer was not, it would make the experience of doing these 36 questions less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an interpersonal approach between college students, using what Art called Apple personal openness, programmer and recycle.
Sounds romantic sounds, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closest after doing it. Several students also used the Archie rapid Philip Protestant as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which proved last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with limitation: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed distributed for it.
And I said, you want to fall in love with the person who did you do it?
Well he did a paper.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but became better friends?
Did you feel that they did better know how to test the study?
He was attending.
So, it worked: I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was doing a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was probably all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I took me in science.
I set out everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could sort of get me a certain way to vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought that only research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought if I was overwhelmed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to express what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I personally can get to me.
What I find from love is a shadow, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some of the risk of risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, are they still together?
And his content with an answer of Be or No.
So more than a question, I would argue that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody to love.
So if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, it's this -- a year ago, a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fall down, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But they are not the same thing to stay in love.
So love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We kept in love because we take the choice to be.
And I set up a little bit of reading it now, not because it wasn't true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was supposed to have that choice.
I didn't consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and responsible 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous and remarkable and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily day of America.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't think really.
And what I look for, and what maybe I'll spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end in the title of my paper, which is, in the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few legal legas in the mountain and in a way I got a forest genome.
New York City a time ago.  Something that really affected me, but more details forward.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanities or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species interacting ideas, for example how we eat space.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from explosion and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a color for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I opened up all the pages and I made a kind of surrounded cells at the Agnes Martin style of resident, and a bee was started.
Well, my mother has fear to bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it increased size, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying logo.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- weird bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow trackers, draw the same way that you do around a card on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own searching tax of specialists.
First, biologists, that you can get an idea.
Then I made some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exposures and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Sicon.
It was cool, man.
At some point I get interested in the human form, resource sculptures of natural size with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then on another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that would form a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work with a very big thing, which I call the trait."
For the trial I was inspired by a big measure in "The Gardening of Delacitors Boston that is a painting at the Museum of Prize in Spain.
You know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the trial -- I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the landscapes.
There's a cave where all of these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analogy of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animals are headed to the forest, ready to suicide in mass hitting the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird girl tied to a shooting.
Billy Graham is in the sea. Horizon -- the Horizon polio platform -- was the reporter of Osama Bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a writer.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it gets oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of it.
Your hands are like balances, and it looks like a microbial being that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a kind of trait."
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I hope.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trajectory, like a bird shop, and you expect clouds from this track.
It also has a 500 feet long a line of snake that unites the trailer."
Anyway, his tail learns fire when you get on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Her tail ends up in a collapse of collapse made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were barrier cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of their time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called PhD Photos."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is a archive of our culture, through media and material being encouragement, dictionaries or magazines or magazine.
But every one acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope goal that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human stuck in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get into the entrance there.
I'm going to get rid of the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it is, a kind of anti-material thing.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't tell you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a broken body in half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue here.
There's a little forest scene inside the toxic capital.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penguin Words.
In this box there is a physicist, a neuroscience, a painting, a musician, a radio, a radio, a radio, a radio, a school, a school arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We put the box and all the people inside of each other as particles.
And I think that's how to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, from the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with substance and genetics, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
Take a spirituality.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the interviews and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and including it so that any South medicine effect in the body.
The development, though, is that when you swallow it any drug is divided.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these are serving them to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the DNA cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time that they tend to get to the blood stream, they slice, and worse even the time they take to get to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body as the lymph genders, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intensely incomplete and not easily in the blood tower of patients who are attached to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs which is an equivalent of life transformative by order.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the spread of the virus, without the risk of drugs of medicines?
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in objective, for the care of wounds and surgery, you can use it for anything imagination, including the intrinsic transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and closed almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You best wonder, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit of laser rays on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser attracted the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before you even realize the hole is impressed immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incentive at the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug -- it releases it directly at the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of the researchers of HIV, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying the state of students -- non-profit organizations like terrorists, installation or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand better to these generations of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
To understand these groups is key to solving almost everything conflict, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21st peace agreement programs between 1975 and 2011, 1968 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we should even engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict.
But how do we do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies are not related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less deliver, without global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Health Health meeting for its violent cooling against Israel.
From his creation in the 1980s, Health has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
In the same way, the Palestinian Palestinian -- known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also admired the Gaza Bank from 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting away.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels and Internet websites and social networks.
And here you have the IMF magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
Armed groups also invest in a complex reaction of fundamentalists without skills, but through renewable business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
Area groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they have a professional training programs or microscopes.
Height offers all of these services and more.
Armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't go around: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in a developed Afghanistan or even the beginning of the IMF promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 is unable to understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving governance.
And the more complex and the more sophisticated and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can compute them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Health?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions. They pick up the garbage -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a regional group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is IRMS."
The lines are driving.
We live in a world of states, of no state and hybrid nations and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
Finding that government gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and make peace.
If we understand armed groups, we will understand better what incentives offer to encourage the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist female.
My opinions about gender equality are vegetation, but I fear that accepting the field label would be unfair for females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I am assembly as a bad feminist for me.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Male "The Male, and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Malest Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke stopped myself and a deliberate proportion, has become a little bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and when I was 20 years old, I had strange ideas about families, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex. Like if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they were trying to be feminist.
It's going to be tagged as a feminist was a confidence, a word taboo and definitely.
They label me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too high, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, female, and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are interface, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same side for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible the antibiotics and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evolutionary doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality and social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contracts.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist of me.
I have another conference.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music pandemic to all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women and offered me deeply, the classic Salam Shakespeare of the yin Jean Thais is incredible.
"Make it reality with your mouse shadow.
But I mean, it was moving until you hurt the condom."
Think about it.
Pure poetry, right?
I'm completely diagnosed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the capture of garbage and the care of the manager and the maintenance of manufacturing.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Backboon and the romantic comedy -- and I have absurd fantasies of the stories that make it happen.
Some of my challenges are more distributed.
If a woman wants to adopt the shoes of his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is constructed so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose choice.
We solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has ignored or developed historically the needs of women of color, workers and humors and transgendered women, to a white women, heterosexual class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminist -- I'm a very bad feminist family.
The next thing happens: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put females out of a separate.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When we were definitely, we would retire them with a lot of like the same facility where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I think I think about that periphery before you try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being tagged as females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm feminine, for fear to what that tag means for fear to not be able to fulfill with a little realistic expectations.
Take Ben to Ben or like I call it the Giant.
In the last few years it's a declined feminist in the last few years.
In the Vietnam Music Augusts of 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the word "and "The word "figuring of three feet high.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star to open the feminist and make women know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Over time, cultural critics started understanding arguments if Beijing was or not precisely feminist.
They rank their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We choose the performance of the families, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot of -- we need so close to a lot.
We go much beyond the sensible and constructive critic -- to design the feminism of any woman, to break it down until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist females, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our implications to realize, going to action and being a little bit more brave.
If I hear a degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we allow change to actually affect their profits.
Certainly it's hard.
Why does your music be so passed?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my shoes, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by strong creatures that are.
I think of them, suddenly the best option is seen as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as a sport to the Test of The Troops.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as a boat of boat.
In any case, men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are going up, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also be able to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers of the decision-making devices.
Because we're not very perfectly perfectly. Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these small acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct power and movie producers and music, CEOs, legislations, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminist, well, bad, or any of them.
The last line of my book "Maria Feminist," says, "I prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and female helped me get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it an incentive to deal with what happened.
Some kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was anything.
I started believing that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after everything I don't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And with it I went back to writing.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the words of the women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also discovered that if I was a little bit courageous, another woman could hear and see and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the homination reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little courageous when you need such a window.
Right after Christmas last year, 123 children in California, they had a measles for having visited Disney or to be exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then attracted the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Court.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for over half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents had a fear of something even worse, autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that gave the policy on autism and described vaccines, destroyed and marked by being a French free by the British Medical Jordan?
Don't you believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a studious?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it create all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed as only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started shooting out.
Foundation organizations like Autrain Spanish are radically referred to autism as an epidemic as if I could connect from another child in Disney.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people about the U.S. Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "massive diagnostic crisis: "So a better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't design a lot of the fears of a young mother that looks at the face of his two years, the visual contact face.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced to the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than do with slow and carbon progress than with the self-design power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist Leo Kanzi, from the Johns Hopkins Hopkins in 1943, Kanth published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds -- by giving people around their surroundings.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands before their faces, but they were prey from the panic by often as they didn't put their favorite toy in their own room without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanth speculated that autism is very rare.
By the age of 1950, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while it collects reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the crimes of Kanzi for autism diagnosis were very restaurant.
For example, they would be able to give that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he had turned to nine out of every 10 children who were sent by other doctors to his consumer to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not cards.
It calculated autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and distributed parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that fit in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 synthesis before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Beer "Best."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, providing things like kids were simply recording what they had heard of their parents fixed, desperate for winning their approval for.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers began to test Kangari theory that autism was weird.
Lord Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that Kangala world theory was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affected, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague Judith Google decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a research study in the general population.
They made a suburbs in London called College to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw left that the Kanting model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, while others were cooled in their fascination by astrolating, in dinosaurs or the genius of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and tasks, like Judity, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the mobile model of Kanth would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the next year to the Kanting article of Kaneer, and then she forgot under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but I avoided it also to mention it in his own work.
There was no even one translation to the English, but luckily, the Montana husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who runs an integrated clinic with an interactive school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercises with music, and kids follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and adaptable spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially appropriate to them.
And fundamentally, Asperger's saw autism as a diverse continuum that would come up with a surprising variety of donor and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architecture known in pop culture like the social social scientist and the professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a mixture of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Kanth was wrong in that autism was incredible, as well as parents were causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called authentic spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into violence, replacing the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and even station of Apple.
These changes don't fall into broken car.
Today, when Lord and Judith worked between the passengers to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Art Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, I knew just a little circle, and I knew what the autism was, but after the incomplete performance of Dusty Mandela and the recognition of "Ranger Mandela with four awards of the Academy performance, perfects, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what the autism.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little expert of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Rand Mandela changes the changes in criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnoses started to get rid of the same way they predicted London and Jupiter, actually hoped that it would be, getting people with autism and their families finally got support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew Warner came to blame vaccines by increases in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful, and seductive history as bad as Kangala theory that autism was incredible.
If the current estimate of the prevention center of one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum -- it's right, the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined themselves on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by the new medical advances by adding the term neurons to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, social obsessional and suffering from a deficit of attention to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, which creates that the current for the most intense aspects of autism are in understanding the teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman named Zumbering Zacks once said, "We need all the hands in cover to store the battery of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
